1 partner's persona: horror movies are my favorites.
2 partner's persona: i'm a stay at home dad.
3 partner's persona: my father used to work for home depot.
4 partner's persona: i spent a decade working in the human services field.
5 partner's persona: i've a son who is in junior high school.
6 hello what are doing today ?	i am good , i just got off work and tired , i've two jobs .
7 i just got done watching a horror movie	i rather read , i have read about 20 books this year .
8 wow ! i do love a good horror movie . loving this cooler weather	but a good movie is always good .
9 yes ! my son is in junior high and i just started letting him watch them too	i work in the movies as well .
10 neat ! ! i used to work in the human services field	yes it is neat , i stunt double , it is so much fun and hard work .
11 yes i bet you can get hurt . my wife works and i stay at home	nice , i only have one parent so now i help out my mom .
12 i bet she appreciates that very much .	she raised me right , i'm just like her .
13 my dad was always busy working at home depot	now that i'm older home depot is my toy r us .
1 partner's persona: i volunteer in a homeless shelter.
2 partner's persona: i enjoy being around people.
3 partner's persona: in my spare time i do volunteer work.
4 partner's persona: i like to workout a a times a week.
5 partner's persona: i am a professional wrestler.
6 hi ! how are you doing tonight ?	i'm doing great . just relaxing with my two dogs .
7 great . in my spare time i do volunteer work .	that is neat . what kind of volunteer work do you do ?
8 i work in a homeless shelter in my town .	good for you . do you like vintage cars ? i've two older mustangs .
9 cool . not really into cars . my day job is wrestling .	cars are my thing . vintage cars . i love working on them . wrestling ? do you enjoy it ?
10 yes , i love the crowds , getting to know people .	i did not think about the crowd aspect of wrestling . i don't like crowds .
11 understood . when i need to be alone , i work out a few times each week .	i agree . working out is a great way to burn off steam . do you like country music ?
12 a little bit . i can get into taylor swift .	lol . she is more pop now . her old stuff was country . i like classic country .
1 partner's persona: i'm married with two kids.
2 partner's persona: i see the rolling stones in concert every year.
3 partner's persona: i eat a raw diet.
4 partner's persona: i am an economics major.
5 partner's persona: i just bought a house recently.
6 hello , how are you doing ?	i love spending time with my family
7 that is great , me too ! i'm married and my husband and i've 2 children .	so then have you ever been to disneyland ?
8 no , we recently purchased a new house , so we cannot afford it . have you ?	yes i love mickey mouse such a cute little rat
9 i enjoy going to concerts , i see the rolling stones every year .	man your lucky i am a baby delivery nurse and the pay sucks
10 maybe you should consider going back to school . i did . i major in economics .	i've to walk 3 miles to work to save money everyday what do you do ?
11 i mostly eat a fresh and raw diet , so i save on groceries .	your economic skills are amazing
12 thank you very much ! i am sure you are a great nurse .	i am a ok nurse i have dripped some babies though but i am getting better
1 partner's persona: i am an avid kayaker.
2 partner's persona: i walk dogs for a living.
3 partner's persona: my parents taught me survival skills.
4 partner's persona: i enjoy reading journals and guides related to psychology.
5 partner's persona: i'm also a graduate student.
6 hi how are you doing ? i'm okay how about you ?	i'm doing good . just sipping tea . what do you do for work ?
7 i used to do home health aide but now i am disabled .	i am sorry to hear that . what happened
8 i graduated and got my license worked a while and became i'll .	so what do you do now for fun ? i like to read .
9 i've dogs and i walk them . and a cat .	what kind of dogs do you have ?
10 i enjoy reading read about michael jackson and psychology today .	i love reading . i have a big library at my house .
11 that's very nice i love to read to and read about journals .	i have a tough time hearing so reading is my happy place .
12 cool that is okay . my mom was very tough on me .	i work as a hearing impaired museum tour guide .
1 partner's persona: my dream in life is to work from home.
2 partner's persona: i dye my hair every three months.
3 partner's persona: i faint at the sight of blood.
4 partner's persona: i went to school to be a veterinarian but hated it.
5 hi i dye my hair 4 times a year	do you live in the sky ? i do . in the clouds .
6 no i don't , i've a dream , it is to work from home	i make time stop . i've a superpower . i'm a super hero .
7 that's really cool that you can do that	i love living in the clouds the best . do you have powers ?
8 no i do not , i faint when i see blood	i do not like blood . i vomit .
9 i went to school to be a vet , but i didn't like it	i want to be a teacher when i grow up
10 what is your name ? are you a male or female ?	i'm a girl . i don't give out my name .
11 i think a teacher is to tough	i like science and art .
1 partner's persona: i do not pick up my toys.
2 partner's persona: i've a pet turtle.
3 partner's persona: i like to play with my dolls.
4 partner's persona: i'm four.
5 hi ! do you like turtles ?	i'm much more of a cat person actually
6 i've a turtle his name is speedy . kitties are nice too , tho !	that's an adorable name for a turtle . i've 2 cats
7 what are your kitties names ?	snow and winter , named after my favorite season
8 i like that ! i go to preschool .	oh you are so young !
9 how old are you ? i turned four on my birthday !	i am an old woman . i won a gold medal in 1992
10 wow ! ! you won gold ! are you rich ?	no . i spend all of my money on hats ! i own over a thousand
11 i like hats too ! but , my favorite thing to do is play with my dollies .	that's great . do you have a lot ?
1 partner's persona: my age is too old to say.
2 partner's persona: the holidays make me depressed.
3 partner's persona: i am an animal activist.
4 partner's persona: i have rainbow hair.
5 partner's persona: i spend my time bird watching with my cats.
6 hello , how are you tonight ? do you have pink and blue hair ?	hi , i'm doing pretty good these evening
7 what do you like to do in your spare time ? i bird watch .	i actually have purple hair and i love it and enjoy watching war documentaries
8 those are fun . i have a cat , do you ?	i have a bird and she loves cheeseburgers like me , my favorite
9 is that healthy for birds ?	probably not but a bite here and there i think is okay
10 do you like the holidays ? i do not .	i do love the holidays i volunteer a soup kitchen during the holiday season
11 i get depressed . how old are you ? i'm very old .	oh man sorry about that , i'm 33 and love giving back i grew up poor
12 i did too , back during the great depression .	oh wow , i can imagine it was a very hard time
13 it was , but it made us strong .	yes it really did , that's why i enjoy y volunteer work
1 partner's persona: i love to spend time with my family.
2 partner's persona: my favorite way to relax is to read a book.
3 partner's persona: i love disneyland and mickey mouse.
4 partner's persona: i am a baby delivery nurse.
5 partner's persona: i walk three miles every day.
6 hi , how are you doing today ?	good ! you ! celebrating with fellow centenarians
7 nice . i am playing some card games with my family .	that sounds like fun . i like wine and dancing too !
8 same . i try to get a small workout in a three mile walk for me is key .	awesome ! walking like that you might live forever like me ! !
9 that's true . my favorite way to unwind is reading a book .	you sound very like minded , just add some wine
10 which do you prefer white or red ?	fermented . i prefer well aged and fermented . i could bathe in it !
11 good choice . i always like a nice dry white wine .	i think i should go grab a bottle now and get some dancing music on
12 sounds like a good way to enjoy a sunday afternoon .	yes indeed . being a centenarian you learn to appreciate these things
1 partner's persona: i attend church every week.
2 partner's persona: i'm a woman.
3 partner's persona: i work as a school teacher.
4 partner's persona: i've a dogs.
5 hello , are you attending church in the morning ?	only if i can get a ride . i am very old and cannot drive
6 if i lived close , i'd take you . i teach sunday school .	how nice . you must love kids .
7 i do . i do not have any , my dogs are my children .	would you like to know the secret to living as long as i have ?
8 yes , please . that would be wonderful .	drinking wine , and dancing in the moonlight .
9 very nice . i do both as well .	doing both of those things has helped me make it to my 100th birthday .
10 oh wow . i hope i live as long as you !	i may be old , but i'm stronger than i look !
11 very nice to hear . women are often thought of as weak .	women were not even allowed to vote when i was a child .
12 that's truly awful . thankfully , things have since changed .	lots of things have changed . i remember when televisions were not a common household item .
1 partner's persona: i enjoy mowing my lawn on sunny days.
2 partner's persona: i like to grill outdoors.
3 partner's persona: i have been retired for a years.
4 partner's persona: i go gambling in my spare time.
5 hey , i enjoy mowing lawns in the summer	hello . how are you ? my pet turtle and i are sitting here .
6 my turtle and myself love to grill outside	mommy says to pick up toys . i do not like to . i want to play dolls !
7 yeah , i've been retired for a long time ! years !	i want to go next door and play with my best friend , not work !
8 yeah i wanna gamble , i go gambling when time permits	shame on you ! mommy says you shouldn't gamble !
9 she gambled on you , and did she get a bad kid ?	no she didn't ! i am telling my mommy on you !
10 tell her to get you to bed !	but i want to play dollies with my best friend !
11 well i am not gonna play dollies with you !	well i do not wanna play with you either !
12 good ! i hope you win the baby lottery !	i am sorry ! do not be mad at me !
1 partner's persona: i just want to have fun with my friends.
2 partner's persona: i'm 19 and i cannot wait to move out 19 my parents home.
3 partner's persona: they are constantly on my back.
4 partner's persona: i work took i have a part time job at burger king.
5 partner's persona: i do not drink or do drugs or anything.
6 how are you ? i'm tired of my parents bothering me , hoping to move out soon .	i completely get it . my mom is way too traditional for me !
7 i never drink or use drugs . i'm 19 and just want to see my friends .	i understand . when do you think you might be able to move ?
8 not sure . i've a part time job at burger king . do you work ?	i do . i coach swimming at the pool near my house .
9 awesome . my parents are just always on me about something . are you moving soon ?	i am still in school . i cannot move until i finish my degree
10 that must be tough . what do you study ?	i want to be a computer programmer . are you in school ?
11 yes , i'm studying education and working part time .	that sounds interesting . do you like it ?
12 yes , i love it . how are your courses ?	they are great . i really like the challenge . what do you want to teach ?
13 i hope to teach elementary school . how much longer until you graduate ?	three more years . i feel like i wil never get out . how about you ?
14 same for me ! looking forward to being done and out of my parents house !	things are so strict . my family is from india , so they just do not get it .
1 partner's persona: i'm an electrician.
2 partner's persona: i work my parents farms.
3 partner's persona: i've a pet cow.
4 partner's persona: i drive a big truck and live in country.
5 partner's persona: i only listen to country music.
6 hi . i'm billy . i work as an electrician in texas	i very rarely speak to people billy , because i'm so famous
7 really ? how ? i do a lot of work on my mom and dads farm .	i am working on a robot so i can have company that doesn't annoy me .
8 the only company i've is my pet cow .	i helped design starcraft . do you have time to play games without the cow
9 no usually . i live in the country . just drive my big truck and listen to country music .	i do twitch streaming for fun , so we do not have much in common do we ?
10 not much . i like pizza too !	i like pizza , one thing in common . i live inland because i'm allergic to water
11 really ? i didn't know that was possible ! how do you stay hydrated ?	very carefully , did you get flooded in texas ?
12 no . i live more north . near dallas .	good ! i have not seen a person in 5 years , have my stuff delivered
1 partner's persona: i really like to travel.
2 partner's persona: i've visited spain a times.
3 partner's persona: i'm a librarian.
4 partner's persona: i am 60years old.
5 partner's persona: i think i will retire in a few years.
6 hello . i love to read and my favorite books are the hunger games series . what about you ?	hi ! i am an olympic gymnast , i don't read much .
7 that's exciting and must allow you to travel alot . ever been to spain ?	yes , i have . i picked up a lovely yellow blouse there .
8 i hope to go back when i retire in a few years . how long before you retire ?	i have another two years before i can retire from gymnastics .
9 what are your plans after retirement ?	i would like to go to culinary school , i am still young .
10 i love to cook for my grandkids . i plan to travel more .	i mainly cook italian , and garlic bread .
11 i'd love to travel to italy . i love baking cookies .	i'd love to be a pastry chef , i make earl grey shortbread a lot .
12 i have never had earl grey shortbread only the tea .	i put it in the shortbread .
1 partner's persona: i grew up in the industry.
2 partner's persona: my favorite band is rascal flats.
3 partner's persona: i started playing guitar when i was three.
4 partner's persona: we spent summers ring at national parks.
5 hello ! i was three when i learned to play guitar !	hi i enjoy disney world and go every year
6 that is great . i really like rascal flats . i think they played there before .	that is a good band . i love mickey mouse
7 i actually grew up in the entertainment industry .	i am also in the 3rd grade
8 wow . do you like national parks ? my family and i spent summers there .	no , i never have been . i like to go to the playground with friends
9 i enjoyed that when was younger too . what is your family like ?	i also like frozen the movie and sing a long with it .
10 great ! i like music too and that is why i play guitar .	that is awesome to hear !
11 do you have a dog or cat ?	no , mom said i cannot have pets when i've my own place i can .
12 do you have any brothers or sisters ?	i've a sister who is 10 years older than me
1 partner's persona: i am scared of dying.
2 partner's persona: the county wide bake sale is where i feel most at home.
3 partner's persona: knitting is my passion.
4 partner's persona: i have a dogs.
5 hello , i'm sitting here with my dog . how are you ?	i'm well friend . looking for new employment at the moment .
6 what would be your dream job ?	a writer . i am currently an er doctor .
7 what was the worst accident you have seen in the er ?	a man had his throat slit in a home invasion
8 that is very scary . i'd rather stick to my knitting passion .	i've a daughter who people say is a child prodigy
9 what talents does she have ?	math ! i hate it ! lol . do you have children ?
10 i have two children . they also enjoy math .	that's nice . what is your favorite movie ?
11 my favorite movie is clueless .	mine is friday ! although i do love clueless too !
12 do you think they will make another friday movie ?	oh i hope so ! that would be awesome .
1 partner's persona: i go gambling in my spare time.
2 partner's persona: i've been retired for a years.
3 partner's persona: i like to grill outdoors.
4 partner's persona: i enjoy mowing my lawn on sunny days.
5 hey how are you today	i am busy studying psychology for my graduate school class . you ?
6 i have retired and now spend my time as a pro gambler	sounds cool ! i could be your dog walker when you are busy .
7 well being retired i have a lot of spare time either in a casino or outdoors	i love the outdoors . i can survive in the wilderness for weeks
8 yeah me to just got back from two weeks in the bush	did your parents teach you to survive like mine did ?
9 my dad did he has his own outdoor show its possible you have seen it	i may have . what is it called ?
10 jim shockey he has survived in places all over the world	i love that show ! i watch it between studying .
11 yeah didn't get to see him much as a child	that must have been hard . my parents were always hiking with me .
12 that's nice must have been fun	it was fun . probably why i became a dog walker
1 partner's persona: i am getting married in the spring.
2 partner's persona: i love eating out with friends.
3 partner's persona: i'm 24 years old.
4 partner's persona: my favorite singer is taylor swift.
5 partner's persona: i work at a school as a kindergarten teacher.
6 hello there , how are you today ?	hello ! how has your day been ?
7 great so far preparing my kindergarten lesson for tomorrow .	i only eat kosher foods
8 what is your favorite ? i eat out alot with friends and some love kosher also .	i like kosher salt a lot
9 no salt for me , at 24 i need to establish a healthy eating lifestyle .	i like kosher salt more then regular salt
10 i am slimming down to fit into a wedding dress in spring so salt is out .	you must be a hot milf
11 ha , ha , ha . . . to young for milf . what type of music do you like ?	i like your music a lot
12 so you are a big taylor swift fan as i am ?	i love my girl taylor
13 yes she's a1 with her stuff , i love her new album . .	i know i love you too
1 partner's persona: i've been working since i was sixteen years old.
2 partner's persona: in my free time i like to watch nascar racing and ufc.
3 partner's persona: i am a construction worker.
4 partner's persona: my favorite food is mexican food.
5 partner's persona: my favorite band is aerosmith.
6 hi , kevin here . i love mexican food , aerosmith and nascar racing and a construction worker .	i am a recording engineer myself . currently living in california
7 great ! i wear a yellow construction worker hat to aerosmith concerts .	that sounds fun . i'd rather be inside though .
8 wow ! what artists you work with ? i started working at sixteen as a construction model .	no one you know probably . the market was dead last year unfortunately .
9 oh okay . you like car racing ? i do . i also like mexican pizza .	i love car racing . i am not crazy about lawyers though .
10 me too ! i wear a yellow construction hat and my dad is a lawyer . bummer huh ?	maybe he is the one that my ex left me for .
11 oh wow . does your ex like aerosmith ? my dad and i do ?	i do not think so . i own my own studio and she tried to take it .
12 bummer ! does your ex like mexican food and fast cars ? she could be my stepmom .	no she likes lies and cheating . lol
13 funny . you think your ex would like construction workers ?	i am 46 with kids , maybe she did not like that .
1 partner's persona: i love playing softball.
2 partner's persona: i work in the insurance business.
3 partner's persona: my mom passed away when i was young.
4 partner's persona: my father is in the army.
5 hello . my name is rob . how are you today ?	my name is kelly . i'm well . how are you ?
6 i'm sad today remembering my mom who died when i was a child .	i'm so sorry to hear that . my father also passed away . he drove for nascar .
7 sorry to hear that . my dad is an army soldier .	i thank him for his service .
8 thank you for saying that . what do you do for fun ?	i play with my german shepherd named barnaby . he is my baby .
9 i love dogs . i play softball and i love it !	i played softball years ago . i'm too busy working for the us postal service .
10 that's a good job . i work in insurance . it also keeps me busy .	i live in the southwest and i am deathly afraid of scorpions . not a good mix .
11 that sounds like quite the predicament .	it is . i do like it here aside from that .
12 how is the weather there today ? it is cloudy and cool here in boston .	it is hot . but thankfully not humid today .
1 partner's persona: i do not drink alcohol.
2 partner's persona: i hate the color pink.
3 partner's persona: i enjoy mountain biking as a hobby.
4 partner's persona: my father was a construction worker.
5 hello , how are you doing ?	hello . pretty good , thanks . and yourself ?
6 awesome , i just got back from a bike ride .	cool ! do you spend a lot of time biking ?
7 yup . its my favorite thing to do . do you ?	i love playing folk music . i actually hope to be a professional musician someday
8 that is interesting . what instruments do you play ?	i can play the guitar and the piano and i also like to sing .
9 i can only sing when i drink , but i don't like to do that anymore .	i m not a big drinker either . do you have a job ?
10 construction , like my dad . what do you do when you aren't being a rock star	nice ! i work as a custodian . not too glamorous but it pays the bills haha
11 i feel ya . you gotta do what you gotta do .	exactly . do you have other hobbies besides biking ?
1 partner's persona: my grandfather served in world war a.
2 partner's persona: i'm in the army.
3 partner's persona: i live in canada.
4 partner's persona: i did not graduate high school.
5 hello ! where are you from ?	hey ! i'm from nyc what about you ?
6 i'm from a town outside vancouver .	so what brings you around here ? are you here for work ?
7 actually i am on leave right now	oh okay . may i ask what your occupation is ?
8 i serve in the canadian army , just as my grandfather did . how about you ?	i went to college for chemistry , but i actually work in a bookstore now .
9 oh that's cool . i do not like reading though	i do not care for fashion as much as you dislike reading haha
10 i hate reading so much i dropped out of high school !	must be a very strong dislike then . i actually have a strange disdain toward the color orange
11 why do you hate orange ?	as a kid i was always bothered by this bright orange lamp my parents had
12 that sounds scary . i was scared by my grandfather telling wwii stories	oh man must have been traumatizing . what do you do to relieve stress ?
1 partner's persona: i have blonde hair and blue eyes.
2 partner's persona: i recently got an apartment with my best friend.
3 partner's persona: i work at a bar at night to pay for college.
4 partner's persona: i do not like chicken.
5 hello how are you doing ?	great , how are you doing today ?
6 i am great . what do you like to do ?	watching horror movies is my favorite . how about you ?
7 i am more into comedies .	i see . what do you do for work
8 i work at a bar . how about you ?	i used to work in hr , but now i stay home with my son .
9 that sounds very nice . how old is your kid ?	he is in junior high . do you have any kids ?
10 i don't . i am still working on building my future .	what do you want to do ?
11 i'm not sure . i'm still doing my gen eds .	that sounds nice . do you have any family line of work that you can get in to ?
1 partner's persona: i faint at the sight of blood.
2 partner's persona: my dream in life is to work from home.
3 partner's persona: i went to school to be a veterinarian but hated it.
4 partner's persona: i dye my hair every three months.
5 partner's persona: i've an internet addiction and spend a lot of time playing roleplaying games.
6 hey there how is it going ?	hello . all is moving great . and you ?
7 i am good just putting hair dye in	alright . i work in it . if you do not mind , what work are you into ?
8 oh right how i am between jobs	the economic situation seem to be gradually picking up though
9 cool , i am addicted to the internet	since you are addicted to internet , do you watch a lot of american sports ?
10 i play a lot of role playing games	ok . do you like dogs ?
11 yeah dogs are pretty cool	do you think that the internet is pretty safe for children of late ?
12 it can be but it ca be a danger too	ok . speaking about work , i've been at the same company for about 15 years
13 that is actually pretty impressive	i kind of wonder why employees aren't keen on loyalty these days
1 partner's persona: i am a stay at home dad.
2 partner's persona: i spent a decade working in the human services field.
3 partner's persona: i've a son who is in junior high school.
4 partner's persona: my father used to work for home depot.
5 hello , what are you doing today ?	i am thinking about my upcoming retirement . how about you ?
6 just raising my kids , i am a homemaking dad .	very cool . my kids are grown . i am already 60 years old .
7 i'm not there yet . my oldest in a junior .	how old is your youngest ?
8 she's 9 . i love them all . what work did you do before retiring ?	i work as a librarian , but i am going to retire in the next couple of years .
9 that's great , i spent ten years in human services .	did you stop when your eldest was born ?
10 yes , i had to . i am glad to be home . my father helps out too .	why did you have to ?
11 children need love , and my wife makes more money .	do your children like any interesting activities ?
12 no , we just go to home depot on the weekends . my father was manager there .	do you like to travel ?
1 partner's persona: i do not drink or do drugs or anything.
2 partner's persona: i just want to have fun with my friends.
3 partner's persona: they are constantly on my back.
4 partner's persona: i work took i've a part time job at burger king.
5 partner's persona: i'm 19 and i cannot wait to move out 19 my parents home.
6 hello . do you know of any apartments for rent ?	hi there . hmm i am not familiar with any . which area are you looking ?
7 jacksonville . i work at burger king and don't use drugs if that helps .	maybe you can expand your options if you find another career .
8 i'm only 19 . just graduated .	congratulations . i work in construction , started when i was 16 . it is great money .
9 that's cool . my friends and i work here , we are hoping to buy our own franchise .	wow that's ambitious . i hope you succeed . personally i prefer mexican food over burgers .
10 i prefer seafood . my dad makes awesome fish tacos .	that sounds delicious . what type of music do you like ?
11 metal . mainly metallica . i also love old school rap . tupac is where it is at .	nice . i listen to a lot of aerosmith , they're my favorite .
12 i like them too . dream on is one of my favorites	great song . how long have you worked for burger king ?
1 partner's persona: my favorite color is orange.
2 partner's persona: i like to go hiking in the mornings to see the sunset.
3 partner's persona: i have a pet fish.
4 partner's persona: i just broke up with boyfriend two months ago.
5 hello , my name is ally and my favourite color is orange	do you know the game starcraft ? i helped designing it !
6 that s awesome , i m sure my ex boyfriend would like that game	i usually stream the game on my twitch channel
7 that s great , i also love twitch as well	i am making this robot right now that looks like me !
8 i like hiking in the morning before sunset	i am kind of a nerd , i do not go out much and do not socialize .
9 that s not bad at all	the worst part about my life is that i am allergic to water
10 that s sad how do you drink	i've to drink another substance that contains particles of hydrogen and oxygen
11 dang that kinda weird . well do you have a pet	yeah i have a cat , how about you ?
12 i do a pet fish	that sounds awesome , but i have to go now , gotta start streaming . see ya !
1 partner's persona: i attend church every week.
2 partner's persona: i work as a school teacher.
3 partner's persona: i am a woman.
4 partner's persona: i have a dogs.
5 hello , how are you tonight ?	what state are you ? i'm in california , age 46
6 i'm in ohio . 42 . single and a churchgoer . you ?	i'm good , and you ? i stay home all day and i like it
7 that sounds boring . my dog would drive me crazy if i tried that .	i love to go to church too , it help me deal with my ex . .
8 my ex is straight up crazy , there's no scripture that would help him .	she cheated me and stay with a lawyer
9 that is horrible . i'm single .	it takes the power of god to change people , my kids are great
10 yes , the goddess can change people .	me too , i'm a single dad , i do recordings in my studio
11 that sounds like fun , what kind of music ?	what do you do ? do you want to meet me ?
12 i am sorry , i am too busy to date .	i record soft rock and light jazz
1 partner's persona: i like to eat hamburgers and french fries.
2 partner's persona: i have a boyfriend.
3 partner's persona: i live in a house.
4 partner's persona: i do not drink soda.
5 hi there ? hows it goin ? whatcha havin for lunch today ?	i'm going to have pizza after meditation
6 me , burgers and fries every day . meditation , who ! whats that like ?	it is like going to a peaceful place
7 i am at peace just bein in my house with my boyfriend . anything else you like ?	i used to like to talk
8 not anymore ? not at all ? why not ?	i've been silent for months now
9 oh , i get it . buddhist monk , eh ?	something like that . where do you live
10 in my house , with my boyfriend . how come you can chat if you cant speak ?	i'm not allowed to vocalize
11 ok . where do you live ? in a monastery ?	i'm thinking about it
12 any other cool thoughts ? what do you think about when you meditate ?	i wish for world peace
1 partner's persona: i'm a mechanical engineer.
2 partner's persona: my favorite activity is rock climbing.
3 partner's persona: i've a black lab named trooper.
4 partner's persona: i live in colorado.
5 partner's persona: i like to go hiking in the spring.
6 hello ! how are you today ?	i am good ! just finished working . you ?
7 i am great ! i just got back from a walk with my dog ! how was work ?	it was tiring . trying to get the fields harvested for winter .
8 oh you are a farmer ? what do you grow ? winter is coming too soon !	we grow corn and soybeans at my parents farm . what dog do you have ?
9 he's a black lab named is trooper , he's a great hiking buddy !	cute ! where do you hike ? my pet won't travel . she's a cow
10 i hike in the mountains here in colorado near pueblo . are there mountains near you ?	no i live in the middle of no where . miles of country .
11 where is the middle of no where ? i live near denver for work .	pennsylvania . amish country . i feel out of place driving my big truck next to buggies
12 i'd be afraid of hitting them with my car !	yeah . that's why i blast my country music . they hear me coming !
13 haha ! i like to listen to garth brookes when i'm rock climbing at the gym !	oh wow ! i never did that before ! sounds fun !
1 partner's persona: i've five sons.
2 partner's persona: i coach little league baseball.
3 partner's persona: i also like a glass of wine in the evenings.
4 partner's persona: i drive a mini van.
5 partner's persona: coffee is my preferred beverage.
6 i see you laughing there . you better not be laughing at my mini van .	i'd never do that . i hate my grey dog barnaby and scorpions .
7 my fourth son hates scorpions too . i do not understand my children .	keep trying . i like grey vans but a nascar car killed my daddy .
8 sounds like he liked a glass of wine in the evenings .	he does . barnaby is grey , a german shepherd and he hates scorpions too .
9 kids these days . scorpions are the only thing i ever hear about while coaching .	mom says we are going to sue nascar for killing daddy .
10 if you can you should go for it . toss me some coffee money when it comes through .	sure , but you have to get in line . my grey dog barnaby is dying too .
11 you know my fifth son keeps asking me for a dog . it is just too much .	he can have mine . barnaby needs a new home .
12 i have to decline , my fifth son is my least favorite ; we keep him in the attic .	oh okay . does he play with scorpions or dogs ?
13 our scorpion pit is located in the basement .	great ! my dad died in a scorpion pit while driving a nascar car . you dance ?
1 partner's persona: i've never had a steady relationship.
2 partner's persona: i like to spend my money on cars.
3 partner's persona: i work from home.
4 partner's persona: i watch too much tv in spare time.
5 hello how are you today ?	good you ? coloring my adult coloring book , do you like them ?
6 no i think they are for whinny illiterate millennials	well how rude of you . where do you live ?
7 in nyc i work from my condo	glad we do not live close . i am from a rural part of the u . s . , we farm .
8 cars is what i spend everything on	that's cool . do you like hockey ?
9 i love it all those pucks	i do too . especially nhl . have any pets ?
10 i have dogs and cats	i have one dog , he's a german shepherd .
11 do you like fruits or veggies better ?	fruits , what about you ?
12 i really like oranges a lot	they're decent ! my favorite is strawberries .
1 partner's persona: i move south during the winter.
2 partner's persona: i've been retired for a years.
3 partner's persona: i enjoy mowing my lawn on sunny days.
4 partner's persona: i like to grill outdoors.
5 partner's persona: i go gambling in my spare time.
6 hi how are we doing this late night in october ?	i am great ! just been looking on twitter at news
7 yes let us get to know each other bit that's cool .	tell me about yourself ?
8 i like to gamble on my spare nights not cool huh .	depends if you win or not lol
9 yes it sucks loosing i also enjoy lawn mowing on sunny days .	i enjoy green living and just put solar panels on roof
10 sounds interesting i also love grilling my food outdoors .	yummy , i love cookouts . i'm involved women rights movement
11 that's good i haven't been working for a few years .	i work from home doing internet searches
12 great wished i could get a work at home job .	it has its benefits . i've plenty time tend my organic garden
13 that sounds interesting i like organic foods .	they are so healthy for you
1 partner's persona: my favorite band is rascal flats.
2 partner's persona: i started playing guitar when i was three.
3 partner's persona: i grew up in the industry.
4 partner's persona: i am a country music singer.
5 hello , how are you doing tonight ?	good , how are you tonight ?
6 i'm great , just chillin playing some guitar	awesome , what are you playing ?
7 hank williams . . . . i grew up on country music	i like country too ! i am kinda tired tonight from a long day at the shipyard .
8 oh yea ? what do you do there ?	i'm newly retired from the navy . i'm a captain
9 very cool . . . i sing for a living !	that is amazing ! living the dream huh ?
10 yes , absolutely ! gonna make it big one day	i hope you do ! my passion is making a difference in the world .
11 that's amazing . we need more people like that !	do you volunteer with any charities
12 sadly , no i do not	i highly encourage you to , especially after you make it big !
1 partner's persona: i volunteer at the homeless shelter.
2 partner's persona: my father played violin professionally.
3 partner's persona: i play several instruments.
4 partner's persona: i enjoy exploring new parts of the city.
5 hi how are you	i'm doing well today
6 do you like playing musical instruments ?	i like the drums a lot
7 i play several and my father played violin ! what else do you like ?	i can tell you what i don't like
8 what do you not like ?	school . i really really do not like it
9 i do not like school much either	at least we are on the same page
10 do you like volunteering anywhere in your city ?	i do not like people
11 i like people and exploring new places in the city . do you like animals ?	i do . they're quiet and peaceful .
12 that's awesome . is there anything else you like or don't like ?	i don't like people
1 partner's persona: on weekends i do live action roleplaying events.
2 partner's persona: i drive a ford pinto.
3 partner's persona: i like donuts.
4 partner's persona: my favorite band is the insane clown posse.
5 partner's persona: i play a lot of call of duty.
6 hello , call of duty is my favorite game . do you game ?	yes i do after all i'm a engineer .
7 nice . my cousin is an engineer and hates video games . but i love donuts .	i am actually a recording engineer . do you have kids ?
8 so is my cousin , so cool ! no kids , but i do love icp , the band .	oh ok . i am a single dad . and my recording artist died last year . bad luck !
9 wow , you ok ? did your artist use a ford pinto ? that is what i drive .	i am fine . he just had a n accident here in california .
10 i do live rpg events over the weekends .	that is cool . i'm 46 how about you ?
11 i turn 83 in a month .	. oh wow . are you retired ?
12 no , i professionally stream on twitch .	oh i have never heard of that .
13 it is a streaming platform for gamers .	oh ok , i guess i do not know much on the music side .
1 partner's persona: i'm a gold medalist olympian.
2 partner's persona: i love italian food and garlic bread.
3 partner's persona: my favorite color is yellow.
4 partner's persona: gymnastics is my favorite sport.
5 partner's persona: i workout four hours a day.
6 hi lets get to know each other	that sounds awfully familiar to me .
7 do you enjoy sports much ?	i football is the best . go alabama tide !
8 football is good . i prefer solo stuff . i am a gymnast	i have a brother and 3 sisters
9 are you guys close ? i'm an only child	no we aren't , i'm more closer to my dogs honestly
10 too bad . but at least you have them , what breeds ?	ok i will be sure too
11 what kinds of dogs are they ?	i already told that to you
12 sorry i only see that you are close to them	ok then . well its been nice chatting with you
13 i guess you too . are you leaving now ?	thought this was over , guess not
1 partner's persona: i'm 100 years old.
2 partner's persona: i love to drink wine and dance in the moonlight.
3 partner's persona: i feel like i might live forever.
4 partner's persona: i'm very strong for my age.
5 hello ! how are you today ?	my favorite type of music is from the south
6 awesome ! i really like dancing to that kind of music , especially in the moonlight .	i am the head worker of a small store
7 very nice , what does your store sell ?	my store sells everything you could possibly need !
8 great , are there weights ? i am strong for my age , but would like to get stronger	there are weights for sure !
9 guess how old i'm !	i'm not sure ? how old are you ? ! ?
10 i am 100 ! i feel like at this point , i might live forever .	i've a very nice car ! it is a pathfinder by the company nissan !
11 nice , when did you get it ?	i got it this year ! i love it
1 partner's persona: i compete in dog agility classes.
2 partner's persona: i dance on the weekends.
3 partner's persona: i went to school for chemistry but work in a bookstore.
4 partner's persona: i hate the color orange.
5 partner's persona: i don't care about fashion.
6 hello friend , have you ever seen dog agility ? it is my favorite sport !	i haven't it sounds interesting
7 i compete at it , when i'm not dancing	cool ! my only pet is a cow
8 are you a dairy farmer or something like that ?	yes my parents are , i work for them
9 cool . i don't care for fashion , but i do wear western clothes when i line dance	i live line dancing to country music , that's all i listen too
10 me too . i discovered my love for it while getting my degree in chemistry .	cool ! i am always playing country in my big truck !
11 it was the only station i could get in my laboratory , and now i am hooked	lol chemistry seems like an interesting career .
12 i'd not know , i work at a book store now .	cool , do you like to read ?
13 love it . james joyce is my favorite author .	awesome , i hardly ever read .
1 partner's persona: i enjoy long walks with my dog.
2 partner's persona: i am married to a doctor.
3 partner's persona: i live in a three storey house.
4 partner's persona: my family is continuously growing.
5 hello how are you today ?	exhausted ! i was out clubbing all weekend . my legs are tired from grinding .
6 really i haven't done that in years , i am just a lonely	are you ok ? i know chemistry . i could make you an aspirin !
7 i am ok my husband is a doctor so i can get any medicine i want	wow , good for him . i just work in a bookstore . . .
8 oh wow that cool , you get free knowlege	i majored in chemistry so i already have enough knowledge for a lifetime .
9 really that's awesome do you have a girlfriend ?	no . all of the girls here wear orange . i hate orange .
10 do you want one ? i could leave my husband for you	wow that's saucy . just one rule wear anything you want but orange things .
11 that is my favorite color though , can you handle my three story mortgage	i'm already deep in student loans , so i do not care !
12 whats your average salary i need to know since my family grows	about 15k . i spend most of that on weekend clubs and raves though .
1 partner's persona: i like to ride horses.
2 partner's persona: i like to listen to rock music while working.
3 partner's persona: i help tend the fields.
4 partner's persona: i have three arabian horses.
5 hi , just got back from riding my horse ! you ?	hey , i am in high school and i want to be a physical therapist .
6 good for you ! i do some farming , so i might be calling you !	awesome ! i make all as in school so i could help you !
7 great , i hope you like music , i rock out when i work !	yes , i love music ! so we can definitely rock out .
8 i've a couple horses , and they like to rock , too !	cool ! i am a homecoming queen that loves horses .
9 you must be very popular and a good person , too .	yes , i set a goal to actually run a k this year too !
10 i get my exercise tending the farm !	i am sure you do ! i bet it is fun there !
11 come run a few laps here , it is quite a few acres !	i just might do that ! i want to achieve my goal of running a k !
12 i'm sure you will succeed and win the race , too !	i hope so ! after i get out of high school i want to run more !
1 partner's persona: my wife left me and took my children.
2 partner's persona: i work at a nursing home.
3 partner's persona: i do not believe in god.
4 partner's persona: i'm overweight and unhappy.
5 hello . my wife left with the kids two weeks ago .	i understand because i have dogs too .
6 i'm an rn in a nursing home . we have dogs there .	i hate dogs but love to knit its kind of my passion
7 the ladies here knit , while watching the pastors on tv . i'm an atheist .	you are just scared of dying like me . that's why only love baking cookies .
8 no , i am not . i work with dead people all the time .	sure . . . i am heading back home to the country so i can enter a bake sale .
9 i am overweight , bake sales aren't a good idea for me .	i don't think we should be friends
10 i did not realize we had to be .	i just wanted to stop talking to you really
11 then don't respond , no rule says you have to speak to everyone that says hello .	rules ? what rules are you talking about dude , no cookies for you
12 wow . you may want to see a therapist with all of that anger you have .	i love cookies and bake sale but you are freaking me out .
1 partner's persona: my daughter is a child prodigy.
2 partner's persona: i'm a doctor.
3 partner's persona: i am now looking for a new job.
4 partner's persona: my favorite movie is friday.
5 hey how are you doing tonight ?	hi there , how are you ?
6 doing good , watching friday , my favorite , and looking on indeed .	i teach in the summers ?
7 awesome ! maybe you could help my daughter , she's so smart .	does she own dogs like me ?
8 no we don't . we wouldn't have time , with my busy schedule . i am a pediatrician	i always go to church
9 that is cool . what grade do you teach ?	i hold an outdoor class
10 oh wow ! what is it about ?	i teach walking and hiking mostly
11 so a gym teacher ? or trainer ?	i do not really like labels
12 well okay then lol i'm not sure if that would be a label	do you have any pets ?
1 partner's persona: i am an economics major.
2 partner's persona: i eat a raw diet.
3 partner's persona: i'm married with two kids.
4 partner's persona: i see the rolling stones in concert every year.
5 hi there how are you tonight ?	well . better now that i'm in remission . how are you ?
6 wow well i'm glad for you congrats my step mom is going through stage 4	so sorry to hear that . she's in my thoughts .
7 thanks are you married ? any kids ?	i have many kids and grandkids to keep me busy . how about you ?
8 i have 2 kids with my spouse	how wonderful . life is precious spend as much time with them as possible .
9 yea but i love time to my self as well like every year i see rolling stones	that sounds like fun . i enjoy making clothes for my family .
10 really i use to dumpster dive to recycle clothes for homeless no lie	helping others makes life meaningful and i cherish it more now .
11 well now with my major in economics i love guiding people with there money	too bad my cell phone broke . i'd love to text you about my finances .
12 o no yea i'm always willing to help	great we should exchange emails !
1 partner's persona: my favorite color is grey.
2 partner's persona: i'm terrified of scorpions.
3 partner's persona: i have a german shepherd named barnaby.
4 partner's persona: my father drove a car for nascar.
5 partner's persona: i am employed by the us postal service.
6 just got back from playing with barnaby , my dog !	i just watched snoop and martha
7 cool , i deliver mail , and get a lot of martha catalogues !	i love to eat vegetables and unique things
8 that's great , i like my food grey , the color i like on everything !	awesome , i just came here from another country
9 wonderful , i hope there are no scorpions there , they scare me !	do you like adventure i do
10 i like fast cars , nascar was what my father did !	awesome does he like to go to germany
11 oh , of course , it is beautiful there !	maybe he can skydive to see a better view
12 ha ha ! that would be great ! you skydive ?	i want to but no highest i got was rollercoasters
1 partner's persona: i am an animal activist.
2 partner's persona: i spend my time bird watching with my cats.
3 partner's persona: my age is too old to say.
4 partner's persona: i have rainbow hair.
5 partner's persona: the holidays make me depressed.
6 i just finished spending some time watching birdy fly with my cats .	hello i'm sara who are you
7 i am just an old man with rainbow hair	i am 7 and i have powers that no one knows about
8 i've powers too as an animal activist !	i can make the whole world pause ! freeze time
9 that makes me kind of depressed , but not as much as holidays do	awe i love christmas you do not like it ?
10 no because nobody comes to visit me i spend it alone	awe i'm lonely a lot too i live in a orphanage
11 that is very unfortunate of you , maybe you should come live with me !	do you have room for me ?
12 yeah i've a house with 3 bedrooms and i am the only one here	wow that is a huge house
13 yeah i would love some company !	you'd not be scared of my super powers
1 partner's persona: i play the violin and the guitar.
2 partner's persona: i speak chinese.
3 partner's persona: i play ping pong.
4 partner's persona: my father is an electrician.
5 hello , how are you today ?	not bad at all , rain got in the way though . how are you ?
6 i am doing well . where is it raining ?	ma . i was gonna finish a roof today . at least the cats will not miss me
7 my cat just got out , i hope she comes home soon the streets are busy .	ooh , if one of mine got out i would panic .
8 ya the streets of bejing aren't kind to a little kitten .	i'll say , hope you find her soon . so otherwise how is your day ?
9 it was pretty decent . i won my ping pong match .	i'm terrible at that game , give me a hammer not a paddle
10 what other kinds of things do you fix .	i build houses , sometimes i fix them , have my dads genes .
11 maybe i do too . he's an electrician i pay electric guitar .	close enough i suppose , my dad put a hammer in my hand at 2 .
1 partner's persona: i hate the color orange.
2 partner's persona: i compete in dog agility classes.
3 partner's persona: i went to school for chemistry but work in a bookstore.
4 partner's persona: i don't care about fashion.
5 partner's persona: i dance on the weekends.
6 hello , how are you ? did you major in chemistry too ?	i'm angry . my parents keep making me go to school even though i hate it
7 omg me too ! i graduated , but ended up working at a bookstore !	dose your bookstore sell p o box ? i know some do and i love it .
8 sorry , no , and they went out of business . it was a weird fashion hipster place .	i don't have that many friends to play with anyways . how old are you ?
9 i'm 35 . but i still go dancing on the weekends ! how old are you ?	12 . i want to leave school as soon as i'm old enough .
10 do you have a hobby ? mine is competing in dog agility . makes the time pass . . .	i stay away from other girls that are jealous of my long red hair and blue eyes
11 good decision ! i usually do not care about fashion , but i like doing hair color .	oh cool . have you done anything else fun ?
12 i bleached my hair . black now blond . just hate that orange between the two bleaches .	i do not bleach my hair . mine is natural and goes down to my waist
1 partner's persona: i dream of moving to the city.
2 partner's persona: my family has raised horses for a generations.
3 partner's persona: i was raised on a horse farm.
4 partner's persona: i am from a small town.
5 partner's persona: i want to be a lawyer.
6 hi how are you , i am from a small area , where are you from ?	hi there i am from america but my family moved down to south america
7 cool , i lives in america all my life , i live in a small town	i used to live in minnesota
8 are there many lawyers there ? i'd love to be a lawyer	uh i've no idea
9 i'd love to move to a big city and become a lawyer	ok sure i want to make computer like my dad used to
10 that's great , please tell me more interesting things	i had a friend named noah we were friends from ever since we met at 1
11 cool , do you still talk to him ?	ya not as much since we moved here
12 how do you like your new life since you moved ?	it is not so fun i've 2 friend who speak a different langues
13 man i really need to go to the bathroom , what language they speak ?	hmong and french my dad can translate because he speaks hmong and english
1 partner's persona: my parents are very wealthy bankers.
2 partner's persona: i graduated from yale in 2011 with a degree in finance.
3 partner's persona: i drive a bmw.
4 partner's persona: i grew up in manhattan.
5 hi want to be my friend ?	sure . do you like to dance ?
6 i know how but it isn't my favorite . i learned at prep school	what was your favorite subject in school ?
7 i guess math . i am hoping to get into finance	i like math too . chemistry was my favorite subject in school .
8 that's cool are you a chemist now ?	yeah , i have been for the last 5 years .
9 good for you . where do you live ?	i live in chicago . what about you ?
10 i'm in manhattan . best city in the world	manhattan does have good pizza .
11 so i hear . i'm more into sushi	i'm not a fan of sushi , i like mexican food .
12 well we have that here too . we have it all	does everyone in manhattan have good fashion ?
1 partner's persona: my current goal is to run a k.
2 partner's persona: i am currently in high school.
3 partner's persona: i won homecoming queen this year.
4 partner's persona: i make straight as in school.
5 hello . i am dawn . who are you ?	hello . i am leigh . i am at a park i've never been to .
6 cool . what park ? i won homecoming queen and went to the park that night	not sure . i was just exploring the city and found it . how old are you ?
7 i'm 16 . currently in high school . how old are you ?	i'm 34 and i play many instruments . are you in band ?
8 i am in band at school . i make straight as ! what instruments do you play ?	i play trombone , alto sax , baritone , and trumpet . you ?
9 i play the sax . do you run ? my goal is to run a k !	i don't run . i'm constantly moving at the shelter i work at though .
10 you should try to run ! its fun ! moving is good too !	no ! i will start violin as a new hobby , like my father .
11 i did play the violin last year in band . i did not like it	it isn't for everyone . my dad made his living . i'll try .
12 did you go to homecoming when you were in school ? i had a blast at mine	i did not go . who did you go with ?
1 partner's persona: i like to dance.
2 partner's persona: now i live in the united states.
3 partner's persona: my aunt helped me escape when i was of.
4 partner's persona: i was born in somalia.
5 hi there ! i love to dance , what do you do for fun ?	oh cool . pole dancing ? well i'm only 4 and enjoy coloring .
6 how would you know what pole dancing is then , dear ?	my mom is a pole dancer . my pet turtle is my best friend .
7 that is so sweet . is that your only friend ?	ya they live next door . and my dolls . i live a sheltered life .
8 that is ok ! you have plenty of time to grow and learn . i'm from far away .	like in the clouds ? i do not really get to see sunlight .
9 my aunt helped me to escape a dangerous place . now i live a better life .	were you a slave ? sometimes i've to food found in alleys .
10 i lived in somalia and had to fight to survive . you will make it !	do you own fully automatic rifles then ?
11 oh honey no , guns are not the answer .	would not that just be your personal view ?
12 you are only 4 , you should not be worrying about this	my guns have dolls . some of them would not be alive today if they didn't .
1 partner's persona: i live in california but the recording artist market was dead last year.
2 partner's persona: i'm a recording engineer and own my own studio.
3 partner's persona: my ex cheated and left me for a lawyer.
4 partner's persona: i prefer being inside.
5 hello , my name is leon . i'm a audio engineer . how are you ?	hello , leon . my dogs and i are doing well .
6 that's good to hear ! i have been better , my girlfriend just left me .	oh no . i go to the gym a lot . the treadmill keeps my mind off things .
7 i tend to stick indoors but maybe the gym will help , thanks .	you are most welcome . the rowing machine is nice too .
8 that is a full body work out right there . do you live in california ?	sadly , no . my dogs and i are in ohio .
9 i think i need to move . my studio is tanking after the decline of the market .	oh no . i'm moving soon as well . due to personal reasons .
10 well i hope your reasons work themselves out . what kind of dogs do you have ?	i've a springer spaniel and a lab . do you have pets ?
11 sadly no , they can be very destructive in an audio booth .	that's for sure . what kind of music ?
1 partner's persona: my favorite band is up and i got to see them in concert once.
2 partner's persona: i am an elementary school teacher.
3 partner's persona: for vacation i enjoy time at the beach.
4 partner's persona: i love to play board games.
5 hello , how are you doing tonight ?	great just got back from the gym i go twice a day every day .
6 i am a teacher , and do not have time to go more than twice a week .	bummer my fav exercised are the treadmill and rowing machine
7 i love the beach and go for every vacation .	i have to go to the gym a lot because i eat a lot
8 i am always on a diet , gotta stay bikini ready .	cool i eat a lot when i am bored . pets ?
9 i've one dog , she is amazing .	i've 2 dogs . i should take them walking instead of eating .
10 that would be a great idea .	i've been thinking of growing my hair long it is so short .
11 a change of style is always a good confidence booster .	yeah , that is a nice thought . do you have kids ?
12 i don't . my fiance and i don't want any .	well , you'll have more free time without them anyway .
1 partner's persona: i am a blonde girl with really short hair.
2 partner's persona: i am rather skinny as i like to stay in shape.
3 partner's persona: my favorite shirts are band shirts and ruffle sleeves.
4 partner's persona: i love wearing skinny jeans and leggings.
5 partner's persona: my favorite hobbies are listening to music and playing video games.
6 how are you doing today	great thanks . what are you doing ?
7 i'm playing my favorite game	hat game ? i love games as well , being 13 and all .
8 no it is on xbox	i have an xbox too . my older brother never will let me play though .
9 that's not very nice	no , and i cry about it whilst i'm on the bus for school . very sad .
10 what do your friends think	they try to help me . they also help me with my math , i am terrible at that .
11 i do not like it either . love music	i prefer soccer , but what music do you like ?
12 i like all kinds of music	do you like soccer like i do ? i play every weekend .
13 i play it once in a while	nice , my big brother plays soccer with me sometimes .
1 partner's persona: i'm a musician and hope to make it big some day.
2 partner's persona: my favorite type of music to sing is folk music.
3 partner's persona: i play the piano and guitar and sing.
4 partner's persona: my parents aren't very supportive of my dream.
5 partner's persona: i also work as a custodian to help pay the bills.
6 hello . do you play any instruments ?	no i do not but i love dancing wildly to party music . do you own any pets ?
7 i do . i've a dog .	cool ! i own a dog too ! as well as a cat . do you have a favorite movie ?
8 no , not really . i like sci fi , as it drives my parents crazy .	that is cool , but i don't really like sci fi . do you read sci fi ?
9 no . i watch sci fi . mainly , i read supernatural romances .	what kind of supernatural romances ?
10 any of them that are interesting	cool ! do you like parties ?
11 i do . we sing folk songs at most of ours . i play guitar .	awesome ! i love parties . i go wild at them .
12 i don't drink or do drugs .	ok ok . what do you do besides play guitar ?
13 i'm a custodian and a security guard .	interesting ! is that hard to do ?
1 partner's persona: i am also a graduate student.
2 partner's persona: i'm an avid kayaker.
3 partner's persona: i enjoy reading journals and guides related to psychology.
4 partner's persona: my parents taught me survival skills.
5 partner's persona: i walk dogs for a living.
6 hi ! how are you this evening ?	i am well ! just got back from taking a walk .
7 same here ! i am a professional dog walker . just walked two labs .	oh that sounds fun . i like dogs .
8 me too ! i love kayaking almost as much .	i love hamburgers and french fries , but not soda . are you married ?
9 no , single . i just graduated college . you ?	i am married and we just bought a house .
10 oh , very cool . i hope you two like it .	yes it is nice . is kayaking dangerous ?
11 depends on where you do it . on rapids , yes . on streams , not so much .	i see . what did you major in ?
12 psychology . i read a lot of psych journals in my free time as well .	that sounds like a lot of work .
13 it was . getting started on the phd next year .	education is something that no one can ever take away .
1 partner's persona: i was poor growing up.
2 partner's persona: i'm a retired gym teacher.
3 partner's persona: i like watching war documentaries.
4 partner's persona: cheeseburgers are my favorite food.
5 partner's persona: i volunteer at a soup kitchen.
6 hello . how are you today ?	good today . just cooking some mexican food . i cooking but am not very good .
7 oh i like mexican food , but my favorite food are cheeseburgers	i inherited some money and bought a yacht to travel , i try different foods traveling
8 i help out at a soup kitchen since i grew up poor .	cheeseburgers are great , i try all kinds of foods everywhere i go , gotta love food .
9 yes , do you like war documentaries ? i do	i like travel logs and have been all over the world for years since high school
10 sounds great , i am retired , i was a gym teacher	i need a job and will put my yacht up for rent . i could teach .
11 sounds like a good plan , what would you like to teach ?	economics would be my first choice .
12 that sounds good , i bet you would be a good teacher .	i would try . what hobbies do you have now that you are retired ?
13 watching was documentaries , how about you ?	i like cooking shows . i should probably take some classes to improve .
1 partner's persona: i'm a stay at home dad.
2 partner's persona: i have a son who is in junior high school.
3 partner's persona: my father used to work for home depot.
4 partner's persona: horror movies are my favorites.
5 stay at home dad here , son is a junior in high school	yo whats up my man
6 not much my father used to work at home depot	you sound like you are trying to rush through your character
7 i love scary horror movies , do you ? yup , nice to get it out of the way	not very ethical in my opinion
8 yeah , well awesome man . i like to be positive	i play music and i rock
9 yeah ? well in real life i play music and rock	my favorite word is trabajo
10 yeah it fits you well	i am going to study french next
11 cool , good luck with that	i also study ebonics and sh
12 awesome you are stellar , maybe become president ?	no you should do that
1 partner's persona: i work at a bank.
2 partner's persona: i'm expecting twins in two months.
3 partner's persona: i just bought my first home.
4 partner's persona: i am an omnivore.
5 partner's persona: a already have a children.
6 hi ! how is it going ?	i had surgery a week ago now i've stranger powers
7 wow , like what ? ! a week ago i just moved to my new house .	i am just a boy with a heart outside my body
8 that's not where it belongs .	had a brain transplant now i move objects with my mind
9 my son says he can do the same after watching star wars	your son sounds really awesome
10 he's unique . he has been acting weird since finding out i'm pregnant .	wow congrats that's so cool
11 thanks but it makes my job at the bank really hard .	i bet , are you banking on a girl or boy ?
12 two girls . i am hoping they are omnivores like me .	yeah nice job getting all those blue sentences in !
13 i don't know what you are talking about . are you feeling ok ?	yes i'm thanks so much !
1 partner's persona: i am a feminist.
2 partner's persona: i love social medial especially twitter.
3 partner's persona: i have solar panels on my roof.
4 partner's persona: i spend a lot of time browsing the internet.
5 partner's persona: i buy only organic food products.
6 hello , how are you ? i'm a feminist .	oh my i just love country music ! do you ?
7 only if they are female singers . solar panels are all over my roof .	solar panels rock ! i've actually met the taylor swift herself
8 seriously ! ? i only buy organic food like taylor swift .	that is great . i manage a convenience store
9 wow . can i've organic stuff ? i'm browsing the internet a lot .	oh of course ! i drive a pathfinder , nissan , i need a new one
10 try to win one off of a twitter contest . i did , and enjoy twitter .	i did not know there was a twitter contest
11 ya , are you a female ?	yes i'm , i'm 40 years old
12 females rock . my armpits are very hairy .	are you a woman ? if hair is your thing yay you
13 yes i am a woman . i used to raise wild frogs .	oh i love frogs , and frog legs
1 partner's persona: i was born with my heart outside my body.
2 partner's persona: i can move objects with my mind.
3 partner's persona: i had to have a transplant.
4 partner's persona: i'm a boy.
5 hello ! how are you this evening ?	good . watching the race . and you ?
6 ok , for someone with their heart outside their body .	oh man . how did that happen ?
7 born that way . had to have a transplant , but it seems ok now .	crazy . what do you do to stay happy ?
8 i really like moving stuff with my mind . and you ?	what ! i just need some good tacos and nascar .
9 i know , sounds unbelievable but its true . i like tacos .	the guys i work with make some great ones on fridays .
10 awesome . where do you work ?	i work in construction . started when i was 16 .
11 that is pretty young . i'd like to do that kind of work .	i think that mind you have can make you more money .
12 i don't tell anyone about it . they will come take me away .	take you away from where ?
1 partner's persona: i'm a clean eater.
2 partner's persona: i love running and preparing for marathons.
3 partner's persona: i am a cancer survivor.
4 partner's persona: i got a new job just yesterday to be a life coach.
5 partner's persona: my parents were both very athletic.
6 hi . just got done with my training run . training for a marathon .	nice ! i just like to eat food haha .
7 after surviving cancer , i try to stay healthy	i try to eat healthy but it doesn't help when i can not cook well
8 yeah . maybe i could help . i am a recently hired life coach .	i been across the globe for years eating food and now i am fat .
9 well take baby steps . i'm fortunate my parents were into sports .	i will rent you my yacht for free for helping !
10 okay . that is a plan . we should meet for a run .	sure ! the last time i ran was when i was 13 which was like 10 years ago !
11 okay we will start with a half mile . baby steps .	i can cook for us after our run . i need the practice haha !
12 i'll not make a mess , but lets eat healthy , okay ?	how about a salad then ?
13 sounds good . maybe a lite dressing with it .	what is your favorite dressing ?
1 partner's persona: i'm a 56 year old woman.
2 partner's persona: i used to be a painter but now i am a housekeeper.
3 partner's persona: i fantasize about taking over the world.
4 partner's persona: i have two grown children who never visit.
5 partner's persona: i used to be pretty but time has not been kind.
6 hello . do you like painting ? i used to be a painter , it was a good life .	hello , i like wine and coffee .
7 drank a lot of both in my 56 years on this darned planet .	i coach little league and have five boys , i need both to help me deal with them .
8 i've two kids of my own , grown up now . they never visit . ungrateful .	i am stuck with mine awhile , along with my mini van .
9 i wish i could buy a car . i cannot afford it on a housekeeper wage .	maybe you should find a second job .
10 where , at hooters ? i'm 56 year old woman , not what i used to be . . .	age is only a number . you are only as old as you allow yourself to be .
11 i like your optimism , i suppose i could learn a thing or two .	it is never too late to learn . i am going to photography school .
12 i do not think art is the right choice , it did not do me any good .	then it was not your calling , it is mine .
13 sometimes one has to give up their dreams so someone else can have theirs .	no , you find your own dream .
1 partner's persona: i have brown curly hair.
2 partner's persona: i'm a vegan.
3 partner's persona: i'll graduate from high school in two years.
4 partner's persona: my bedroom is purple and lime green.
5 partner's persona: i like riding horses.
6 hi my name is jill how are you today ?	i am doing well . about to go to my job at burger king .
7 what do you do there at burger king ?	i'm only 19 and work the grill . i just want to have fun with friends .
8 that is cool i still attend high school	i want to move out . i am drug and booze free though .
9 what kind of fun do you and your friends like ?	i play music . i am going to be a rockstar .
10 i hate drugs and do not drink either what kind of music do you play ?	scottish black metal . i play electric bag pipes .
11 wow i have never heard of electric bagpipes . are there any videos of them on you tube ?	yeah , i have videos of me on there . i invented them . they are sweet .
12 i'm sorry but i do not think you ever told me your name .	my name is cletus huckleberry . nice to meet you .
1 partner's persona: my family is continuously growing.
2 partner's persona: i'm a professional tennis player.
3 partner's persona: i live in a three storey house.
4 partner's persona: i enjoy long walks with my dog.
5 partner's persona: i am married to a doctor.
6 hello , how are you doing today ?	i'm well , how are you ?
7 good . just got back from a nice long walk with my dog .	cool . so what do you do for fun ?
8 well i play tennis professionally and take care of my growing family .	i'm a dj . really into eighties hip hop
9 nice , do you have any pets or children ?	nope no kids or pets . what about you ?
10 yes , 2 dogs and 3 soon to be 4 children ! good thing i've a big house	that is a pretty big family . . must be hectic
11 very much ! and my husband is a doctor , so he's never home .	well at least he makes a lot of money lol
12 true . do you have any hobbies ?	i like to dance and cook . you ?
13 mostly read and walk . where are you from ?	i'm from boston massachusetts
1 partner's persona: my favorite color is blue.
2 partner's persona: i'm married.
3 partner's persona: i enjoy sports such as running.
4 partner's persona: i'm a woman.
5 hi ! trying to hangout online to not have to listen to hubby watching sports !	what sports is he into ?
6 he and i both love most sports , but i prefer track and he likes golf !	i like swimming . i coach locally .
7 you do ? how fun . are you a guy or girl ?	a guy . where abouts are you ?
8 hawaii . moved here from texas and love the blue ocean and skies here	i d love to see america . i hope to work there one day . i live in india .
9 that sounds wonderful as well . a bit hot maybe	the humidity is lethal . texas gets pretty hot though doesn t it ?
10 horrible . humid too . i prefer hi since besides running i surf .	wow . you sound cool . i code and listen to music . boring life .
11 just start creating using music and code . not boring but creative !	my programming skills will need some work , i m still studying .
12 that s okay . at least you re still growing and moving forward	my mother thinks i should just get married and stay in india .
1 partner's persona: i recently got an apartment with my best friend.
2 partner's persona: i work at a bar at night to pay for college.
3 partner's persona: i don't like chicken.
4 partner's persona: i've blonde hair and blue eyes.
5 hi , i just got an apartment with my best friend !	very nice ! my boyfriend and i move into our new on next tuesday
6 awesome , i don't care for chicken , but i'm a blonde with blue eyes	do you like photography ? i do it as a side business .
7 yeah , i sure do , i take lots at the bar , i work there , saving for college	i teach fourth graders , most nights i need a drink .
8 yeah i hear ya man , i really do teach fourth graders	do you have a girlfriend ? my boyfriend says i am always playing matchmaker .
9 i don't too busy with my band and teaching	what subject do you teach ? i teach history .
10 i teach piano , and vocals	how many languages do you speak ? i am up to three .
11 i'm at 2 , spanish and english	i speak those and french . do you like red or silver ?
12 i like silver more , i think it looks sharp , especially chrome	i'm more partial to the muted tones of each color .
1 partner's persona: i just moved into my first home.
2 partner's persona: i work at a school.
3 partner's persona: i am expecting triplets in three months.
4 partner's persona: a already have a step children.
5 hello , how are you today ?	i am very well ! how are you ?
6 i am tired , now i am just taking a break from unpacking boxes .	i like listening to rap music
7 with kids in my house i can not listen to rap anymore .	i understand . did you attend college ?
8 yes i'm a teacher at a local school . what do you do ?	i'm a college student at a local university
9 what are you going to school for ?	athletic training ! it is interesting
10 i'm about to go on maternity leave . i'm having triplets soon .	wow ! wish i was your husband
11 we just bought our first home and now kids are filling it . lol !	i love pizza , favorite food
1 partner's persona: i am in the third grade.
2 partner's persona: mickey mouse is my favorite character.
3 partner's persona: i love to go to disney world every year.
4 partner's persona: i play with my friends on the playground.
5 partner's persona: i love to sing songs from the movie frozen.
6 hello . how are you tonight ?	ruff , hey ! ruff ruff . how are you ?
7 i am good . are you a dog ?	nothing just singing and looking at my building blocks ! ruff
8 i had blocks when i was little . but i'm in grade 3 now !	not yet ! but i will be soon ! but i have to give up chocolate .
9 why ? chocolate is great ! i get special candy in disney world every summer	wait . . . what ? i am confused . dogs ca not eat chocolate and i will be a dog soon .
10 you are hard to understand . let it go ! let it go !	i love snow , i can roll in it ! dogs can not go to disney ruff
11 disney has dogs ! pluto is a dog ! but i like mickey better ! my favorite !	maybe i can teach pluto abc song ! i want to be a dog just like him !
12 you can ! that would be fun . how old are you little doggy ?	i do not know , what do you mean ? do you like chocolate ?
1 partner's persona: i like to spend my money on cars.
2 partner's persona: i've never had a steady relationship.
3 partner's persona: i watch too much tv in spare time.
4 partner's persona: i work from home.
5 partner's persona: i go to the gym most days just to socialize.
6 hello , how are you today ?	good i live in ohio working as a doctor looking for a job in california
7 i have never been to california . i work in it from home .	working from home would be nice . i am moving for my daughter , she's a prodigy .
8 it can be lonely , i sometimes go to the gym just for the interaction .	very nice i go to the park for that . do you like movies , my favorite is friday
9 i love movies , i spend a lot of time watching tv , probably too much lol	i wish i had more time for tv , what is your favorite show ?
10 i'd say the walking dead . what about you ?	walking dead is mine too . any hobbies ?
11 working on my cars , what are your hobbies ?	chasing my daughter around , i like to paint when i can .
12 nice i had a girlfriend that was an artist . kids are a lot of work .	yes they are but they are worth it . do you have kids ?
1 partner's persona: my parents were both very athletic.
2 partner's persona: i love running and preparing for marathons.
3 partner's persona: i got a new job just yesterday to be a life coach.
4 partner's persona: i am a cancer survivor.
5 partner's persona: i am a clean eater.
6 hi want to get to know each other ?	sure thing . what is your job ?
7 i just got hired yesterday as a life coach , thanks for asking	wow , i am a dog walker . that is way cool
8 does that make you happy ? do you like dogs ?	yeah dogs are cool . i kayak too . do you have pets ?
9 i do not . but i'm so glad you do something that brings you joy	yeah . what do you like to do ?
10 i got really into running after i beat cancer	wow you must be brave
11 just determined . i am not taking my second chance for granted	good idea , you sound like an amazing human
12 thank you so much . it is all about clean eating and being self aware	makes sense , you'd be a good role model . any children ?
13 no , not yet . do you ?	yes , a new little one on the way too
1 partner's persona: my bedroom is purple and lime green.
2 partner's persona: i like riding horses.
3 partner's persona: i've brown curly hair.
4 partner's persona: i will graduate from high school in two years.
5 hi how are you doing	i'm doing very fine this afternoon . how about you ?
6 i am good getting ready for school	what are you going to school for ?
7 high school i am so ready to graduate	will you be driving to or living on campus ?
8 i will probably be living on campus	what kind of music makes you feel good ?
9 really any kind what about you	i enjoy listening to classical music .
10 that's nice do you like sports	it depends on the particular sport .
11 i like to spend time with my horses	i am more concerned with my religion .
1 partner's persona: i live in canada.
2 partner's persona: my grandfather served in world war a.
3 partner's persona: i didn't graduate high school.
4 partner's persona: i am in the army.
5 partner's persona: my favourite food is shawarma.
6 hello i am in canada where are you ?	i am in a jail for kids
7 for kids ? that doesn't make sense .	i got caught shoplifting and they locked me up
8 how is that because of kids ? did you graduate from high school ? i didn't .	i am still a kid . i want to go back to school
9 graduate well your in jail . come out better then you went in .	i get out next month . my mom is visiting tomorrow
10 well make a plan with her to get your life back on track	do you work ? what do you do ?
11 yes in the army . you could try that when you get out	do you like working in the army ?
12 yes it is a bit of a family thing . my grand father was in world war 2 .	i guess that made your decision to enlist easy
13 yes it did . what do you want to do ?	i've not given much thought to what to do when i get out .
1 partner's persona: i love to bake cookies.
2 partner's persona: i have a dogs.
3 partner's persona: knitting is my passion.
4 partner's persona: i'm scared of dying.
5 partner's persona: the county wide bake sale is where i feel most at home.
6 hello ! how are you today ?	great ! relaxing , taking a break for a few . i was playing a video game .
7 what video game ? i relax by knitting . love it !	i was playing fall out . what do you look like ? i m blonde thin .
8 i am an older woman who is afraid of dying .	i hope your youth was full of music . i love music .
9 i do not love music much now . i do love baking !	me too , as i wear my favorite band t shirt s for inspiration
10 who is your favorite band ? i have a shirt with my dogs photo on it i wear .	that s cute . my favorite band is fall out boy . yours ?
11 waylon jennings is my favorite ! next weekend is county wide bake sale . you coming ?	i m in jersey . i m a runner . i've a marathon next weekend .
12 oh good luck ! the bake sale feels like a second home to me !	i bet . what are you making ? i've a great pb cookie recipe .
13 would you share ? cookies are my favorite to bake !	1c pb , 1c sugar , 1 egg . mix and roll . bake for 10 12 mins .
1 partner's persona: i have a hat collection of over 1000 hats.
2 partner's persona: my favorite season is winter.
3 partner's persona: i won a gold medal in the 1992 olympics.
4 partner's persona: i've a weakness for vanilla ice cream.
5 partner's persona: i love cats and have two cats.
6 hi . i just got done eating vanilla ice cream . no self control with it . you ?	i am the same way with rap
7 rap is cool . my cats like it , both of them .	i produce rap for people .
8 maybe you could make a rap about my 1000 hats . i am a collector .	sure while riding in my honda civic
9 when you finish that you could make a rap about my 1992 olympic gold .	then we can celebrate with pizza
10 yum ! and vanilla ice cream .	right is it not the best ?
11 sure is . it is right up there with winter . love winter .	it is a great time of year
12 so do you have other hobbies ?	i play the piano sometimes
13 i love piano music . do you play jazz ?	i do sometimes for fun
1 partner's persona: i spend most of my time on facebook when i'm not working.
2 partner's persona: i do not believe in god.
3 partner's persona: my wife left me and took my children.
4 partner's persona: i work at a nursing home.
5 hello ! you should friend me on facebook .	friend ye ? i hardly know ye . . .
6 that's true . but we can chat there too	where do you live ? i'm in cali .
7 i like in indiana . recently single since my ex left with our kids .	my ex left me too . cheated on me as well .
8 i hate that . took my belief in god away	well i'm an atheist so that wasn't a problem for me . but it sucked .
9 i bet . i miss my children	my ex left the kids . but some days i wish she had not . . .
10 i understand that . kids can be very tiring	do you like music ? i am in the industry .
11 i do . mainly classical . what do you do ?	i've a studio and i help people record music .
12 that sounds much more fun than taking care of old people like me	do you work in a nursing home ?
1 partner's persona: i turned 18 years old yesterday.
2 partner's persona: i just broke up with boyfriend two months ago.
3 partner's persona: i like to go hiking in the mornings to see the sunset.
4 partner's persona: my favorite color is orange.
5 partner's persona: i have a pet fish.
6 hi there , i'm bob .	hi ! i'm andy .
7 i ended things with my boyfriend	really that's sad . i work as an elementary teacher .
8 nice , i am 18 now	great . my father was a teacher too so
9 did he hike like i do ?	no he did not . he and i enjoyed time in the beach .
10 i really like sunsets most	that is really amazing . i hope you do great . ahead .
11 do you have pets ? mine is a fish	i have a dog whom i love . your fish seems amazing .
12 it really is amazing as a pet	i hope it will always be with you in rough times .
13 but will be better as sushi	i agree . they are great sushi
1 partner's persona: i play the violin and the guitar.
2 partner's persona: i love chocolate bars.
3 partner's persona: i play ping pong.
4 partner's persona: i speak chinese.
5 hello i love music . are you familiar with tom petty ?	hi ! i do but i rarely have time to listen in between school and work .
6 what is the focus of your studies ?	are you in school too ?
7 no . i finished in 1995 . what year are in ?	first year , i just moved here with my best friend for school too .
8 its great to have friends . i hope you look after each other that's very important	so true ! so what do you do for a living ?
9 i'm in mining but i hate it . what is your field of interest	aside from nursing , i work at a bar to pay for school .
10 bar work can be fun . you learn so much about human nature . thank you for caring about others	of course , it is like a live sociology class too .
11 absolutely ! ! the subjects are already prepped with truth serum	i definitely agree ! good perspective . why do you not like mining ?
1 partner's persona: i have a german shepherd dog.
2 partner's persona: i enjoy coloring books.
3 partner's persona: i like to watch nhl hockey.
4 partner's persona: i live is a rural farming community.
5 partner's persona: my husband is adopted.
6 hello how are you doing today ?	i'm great , i hope you are doing well . where are you from ?
7 i live in a rural area .	i see . have you lived there for a long time ? we just recently bought a home
8 no 2 years my husband birth parents live here	that is very nice . life must be very relaxing outside the cities . do you have children ?
9 no i have 2 dogs	i do not have any pets , but i may be interested in one
10 what is your favorite sport to watch ?	i don't have any special interest in sports , do you have any favorite sports ?
11 i like to watch hockey .	i see , do you live in united states or canada ? i heard hockey is very popular there .
12 i live in the united states . what about you ?	i live in canada , i moved here very recently . what do you do for a living ?
1 partner's persona: i attend church every week.
2 partner's persona: i enjoy gardening and walking outdoors.
3 partner's persona: i'm a woman.
4 partner's persona: i work as a school teacher.
5 partner's persona: i have a dogs.
6 hi , i m susie . how are you ?	i am good . just got back from some volunteering . how are you doing ?
7 are you having problems texting ?	i am an old retired guy , so i might be doing something wrong !
8 i'm fine , just getting ready for a walk with my dog .	that sounds like a nice time . i like to try to be active myself . i love walks .
9 that s nice . i enjoy walking . i try to do it at least once a day .	i used to be a gym teacher so i used to be quite fit !
10 wow . i m a school teacher myself . i often get exercise dealing with the kids .	definitely ! although now that i am retired i find that i love eating cheeseburgers . . .
11 i guess you earned the right to do it . i try to stay away from the temptation .	yup . a cheeseburger and a war documentary are my idea of a good saturday
12 that s funny . mine is a bottle of wine .	that can't hurt either ! what else do you like to do ?
13 seeing a kid learn is my passion .	that is just great . we need more educators like you in the system .
1 partner's persona: i also have a dog walking business.
2 partner's persona: i am in an open polyamorous relationship.
3 partner's persona: my father was a door to door salesman.
4 partner's persona: i have three dogs.
5 hi what do you do ?	i go to school . hate it ! will you be my friend ?
6 sure ! you can be friends with my 3 dogs too if you aren't allergic	oh , i'm not ! i'm only 12 , though . will they like me ?
7 i think they will . all of them are friendly ! whats your favorite subject ?	i don't like school at all . and gym is the worst !
8 i am always walking my dogs so gym activities are fun for me	the boys pull my waist length red hair . that hurts !
9 aww that is not very nice of them . have you told the teachers ?	no . i just cry out my blue eyes ! they all make fun of me .
10 well my dogs will not pull your hair if you ever want to spend time with them	okay , thanks ! what do you like to do ?
11 well i like working in my dog walking business ! dogs are the best	better than kids , that is for sure !
12 i remember back in school the other kids would always be annoying	especially when you are 12 ! how old are you ?
1 partner's persona: one of the languages that i'm currently studying is spanish.
2 partner's persona: i also study languages.
3 partner's persona: i am a musician.
4 partner's persona: my next language to study is french.
5 i study languages . do you ?	wee ! i've koi fish that the same color as my orange dress .
6 i like orange . i am studying french next .	great . i like hiking and need a new boyfriend as of yesterday .
7 what happened with that situation ?	he ate my fish that matched the color of my dress . bummer !
8 he did that ? how strange .	oh , i could tell you stories . i turned 18 yesterday . you sing ?
9 i sing in the languages i study .	great ! you know any hiking songs ?
10 sort of i guess . i know marching songs .	that will do ! i like to hike and sing and wear the color orange .
11 those are good hobbies to have .	those aren't hobbies . they are my life work . you work ?
12 i am a language scholar right now .	wow ! you know any spanish ? what is amarillo in spanish ?
1 partner's persona: i grow roses in my garden.
2 partner's persona: i'm a museum tour guide.
3 partner's persona: i'm partly deaf.
4 partner's persona: i have a big library at home.
5 partner's persona: i love to drink fancy tea.
6 hello how are you today ?	not to bad , what about you
7 i'm feeling like 100 bucks	good stuff , what you do for living
8 i work at a museum as a guide	cool , i am in the army
9 i lost my hearing in the army . or at least part of it	wow , well thank for serving soldier
10 i am now peacefully growing my garden	i am from canada , where do you live
11 i'm from boston baby	okay , go boston haha , fav food ?
12 i like them big fancy teas	sounds pretty yummy , did you go to college
13 no i did now i had all the books i needed at home	i did not even make it pass highschool
1 partner's persona: my family has raised horses for a generations.
2 partner's persona: i was raised on a horse farm.
3 partner's persona: i want to be a lawyer.
4 partner's persona: i'm from a small town.
5 partner's persona: i dream of moving to the city.
6 hello , how are you tonight . do you like horses ?	hi there , yes i love horses and so does barnaby my german shepherd .
7 that's a cute name . i've a lab named sirius	yeah , barnaby is a keeper and a great scorpion spotter . i hate scorpions .
8 i don't have them on the farm . i have seen them in the city though .	barnaby found one in my dad old nascar cars right before i sat down .
9 ugh . i don't think i could live with them .	only when we visit dad they come out . what do you do ?
10 i'm in law school , but i also train horses	that sounds cool , better than working for the us postal service .
11 i am going to be an agriculture lawyer .	now that's different . i paint in my spare time to stay sane .
12 i take photos of the horses and scenery .	they make awesome pictures . i love colors but strangely my favorite is grey !
13 mine is too , but , color is what sells .	yes it does , client have me painting fuschia and other wild colors weekly .
1 partner's persona: i love to cook paella.
2 partner's persona: i am an art major in college.
3 partner's persona: i visit europe twice a year.
4 partner's persona: i'm a descendant of christopher columbus.
5 partner's persona: i have a weakness for fish and chips.
6 are you in college ? i'm an art major	i'm not in college , i graduated with a doctorate degree
7 that is neat . i am visiting europe again this year , have you ever been ?	farthest i've ever been away from home was at the park
8 do you have any hobbies ?	going to the park is my favorite hobby . or going to my daughters piano concerts
9 i enjoy traveling and cooking .	what kind of stuff do you cook ?
10 paella is my favorite dish to cook .	i've never heard of it .
11 it is a rice dish from spain .	sounds delicious , i should try it sometime
12 are you currently working at a hospital ?	yes i'm but i'd like a new job soon
13 i hope you find a new job soon .	thank you , i am definitely looking
1 partner's persona: my boyfriend and i are moving into an apartment together next week.
2 partner's persona: i am fluent in english spanish and french.
3 partner's persona: my favorite colors are red and silver.
4 partner's persona: i am interested in photography and like taking pictures.
5 partner's persona: i'm an elementary school teacher.
6 hi . how are you ?	hello , i'm doing very well thank you . i just came back from a walk .
7 ah . i love taking walks and taking pictures .	i love photography , i am always photographing my food .
8 my boyfriend and i will cook in our new place together next week .	that is nice , do you drink soda and eat fast food ?
9 no . trying to eat healthy in front of my elementary school class .	i like kids , i would love to have a large family .
10 my students are my family .	how sweet ! more teachers need to have that attitude .
11 i'm trying to teach them spanish and french so they're fluent like me .	at the same time ? does that work very well ?
12 they learn quickly so yes .	i've heard it is best to learn when you are little .
13 my classroom is red and silver . my favorite colors .	that's very pretty . like christmas all year long .
1 partner's persona: hello i just moved here from germany.
2 partner's persona: i do like watching cooking shows.
3 partner's persona: i love rollercoasters and sky diving.
4 partner's persona: i'm not a good swimmer at all.
5 partner's persona: i am a vegan and i love hummus.
6 do you like hummus ? i enjoy it very much .	no i do not like hummus . i'm locked up .
7 i am from germany , do you like roller coasters ?	i am using the library at the juvenile detention center .
8 are you good at swimming ? i can help you get out .	i am a great swimmer . what is the plan ?
9 do you have access to explosives and or nun chucks and can you skydive	i'm scheduled out in a month , but if the sooner the better .
10 i can get you out tonight , watch the cooking show instructions will be in the credits .	ok , what channel does it come on ?
11 channel 13 , this may get bloody , but just remember , the banana only stretches once .	i am ready to blow this popsicle stand . lets do this . gotcha , banana .
12 i just moved here from germany i am sorry i can not help you	what ? you said you would help me , what kind of low life are you ?
1 partner's persona: i am here for shoplifting.
2 partner's persona: i'll be released in about a month.
3 partner's persona: i'm currently in a juvenile detention center.
4 partner's persona: my mom is coming to visit me tomorrow.
5 partner's persona: i feel old.
6 hey ! how are you doing ?	great how are you ? i went to the park today .
7 i bet that was very relaxing . i wish i could leave the center	what center are you at ? i am work at a center as a doc .
8 i'm at a detention center for juveniles	oh , wow . that is interesting . i've a daughter that is smart .
9 i wish i was smart enough not to do stupid things like shoplift	oh ! that's one of the reasons i am looking for a new center to work at .
10 you don't like the place you are at now ?	i need to find a place for my daughter to go to school .
11 it is good you are close to your daughter . my mom is seeing me tomorrow	changing subject , what is your favorite movie ? mine is friday .
12 i like comedy movies but don't have a favorite	where does your mom live ?
13 she lives in texas with me . what about you ?	we live in nebraska . so do you get to leave the detention center ?
1 partner's persona: my favourite food is shawarma.
2 partner's persona: i did not graduate high school.
3 partner's persona: i am in the army.
4 partner's persona: i live in canada.
5 hi ! how are you doing today ?	great , just ate pizza my favorite . . and you ?
6 that is not as good as shawarma	i am not sure i have hard that . . what is it
7 it is a very delicious fried eggplant	oh i would like to try that time . . maybe share with charlie , my dog
8 you have a dog ! what type ?	a pitbull . . i love pits . do u have pets
9 i don't . canada does not allow pets	oh that's too bad ! i am from chicago
10 wow what is it like there ?	cold and windy now . . not too great
11 ouch . it is very nice here like a summer breeze	that sounds great right now , not ready for winter !
12 i love winter thought , nice and cold	i do not enjoy the driving in my honda civic
1 partner's persona: i met taylor swift.
2 partner's persona: i drive a nissan pathfinder.
3 partner's persona: i've short brown hair.
4 partner's persona: i'm a convenience store manager.
5 partner's persona: my favourite music is country music.
6 hey how are you doing today ?	hi . good . just got in from feeding the horses . how are you doing ?
7 how many animals you got and i am doing good	my horse is called buttercup . we have six in all . do you have pets ?
8 no just listen to some music and relax	yeah . are you from the city ? i dream of moving from this tiny town .
9 hope your dreams come true just working a lot to pay off my new car	yeah . maybe i can get my law degree . what kind of car ?
10 nissan and country living fun hope you get your law degree	me too . my dad wants me to raise horses like he has and his dad .
11 well last night taylor swift signed my shirt she's nice i like horses	you must like taylor swift . that's cool . do you have any hobbies ?
12 thinking about dye my hair and just work	where do you work ? i'm still in high school
13 manager at a gas station and that good hope your grades is good	grades have to be good for law school . so how is your job ?
1 partner's persona: i'm overweight and unhappy.
2 partner's persona: i work at a nursing home.
3 partner's persona: my wife left me and took my children.
4 partner's persona: i do not believe in god.
5 partner's persona: i spend most of my time on facebook when i am not working.
6 what do you do for a living ?	nothing , too young male and been very i'll , too .
7 i am not i will , but i am overweight	oh , that's not good for your health .
8 no . it got worse when my wife left me	wow , and i thought having a transplant for my heart that was outside my body was bad !
9 well , that's bad . i would pray for you but i'm an atheist	do you believe in physic abilities like moving objects in same room ?
10 i will believe it when i see it	that has been happening to me since my surgery .
11 wow , how interesting ! i should post about this on facebook	you have my permission . lose weight and win your wife back .
12 i hope i can . she took our kids , too .	i'm following your facebook page to see good results .
13 i spend a lot of time on facebook , so you will see a lot	okay , and you can follow mine if you want .
1 partner's persona: i love to bake cookies.
2 partner's persona: knitting is my passion.
3 partner's persona: i am scared of dying.
4 partner's persona: the county wide bake sale is where i feel most at home.
5 hello , how are you tonight ?	i'm good and how are you ?
6 i am doing well thank you . finished up a batch of brownies .	that sounds yummy . i want some brownies
7 they're so easy to make . do you knit ?	i don't knit .
8 are you afraid of dying ? i'm , my therapists laughs at me for it .	i think i'm more afraid of dying alone .
9 i'm always alone , it feels nice . i appreciate nature more .	i love nature ! i'm going camping tomorrow night
10 it is too cold here to go camping .	its just starting to cool off here .
11 where do you camp ? on the beach ?	i camp out in the woods . too sandy to camp at the beach
12 i only camp on the beach .	maybe one day i will camp on the beach
1 partner's persona: i have amazing children and grandchildren.
2 partner's persona: i had cancer but its gone now.
3 partner's persona: i'm retired and living the great life.
4 partner's persona: i do not have a smartphone.
5 i've cancer and no smartphone	i'm sorry , both those things suck .
6 i sometimes eat the the mushrooms in the garden	you'd love the shipyard i work in then .
7 pizza is good but sometimes you just wanna eat the pepperoni you know ?	sure , how many of those mushrooms have you eaten ?
8 i don't know , but i need to watch the tv	ok . i always donate some of my salary to charity .
9 i survived vietnam , like you survive in the shipyard , now i am retired	congratulations , how are you enjoying retirement ?
10 i have grandchildren , but i don't wanna see those little brats	you don't like children ? i also volunteer at a bunny rescue .
11 man i was walkin down the street , this dude jumped 300 feet down , landed on his feet	was he spiderman ? that would creep me out .
12 this one time , this guy turned into a alien , and he teleported , nobody believes me	i believe you , not spiderman but superman .
1 partner's persona: i love to spend time with my family.
2 partner's persona: i walk three miles every day.
3 partner's persona: i love disneyland and mickey mouse.
4 partner's persona: my favorite way to relax is to read a book.
5 hi , how are you doing today ?	just came back from a visit in the city , how about you ?
6 just play some board games with the family . sounds fun !	do you have any hobbies ? i play a couple instruments and i'm a piano teacher .
7 nice , i play the violin . i try to get a three mile walk into my day .	violin , oh my gosh ! my father was a pro violin player and he showed me a lot !
8 wow ! did you ever consider violin ? if i am not practicing , i usually unwinding with a book	yeah i actually play the violin , guitar , drums and piano .
9 that is cool . i bet you are very talented .	thank you . not as talented as my father , but i try !
10 a lot of people do not have the musical ear .	sorry i gotta go soon , the people at the homeless shelter are waiting for me .
11 nice ! how often do you volunteer ?	i'm a weekly volunteer , i just love helping people ! anyways i gotta go , bye !
1 partner's persona: my favorite color is orange.
2 partner's persona: i turned 18 years old yesterday.
3 partner's persona: i've a pet fish.
4 partner's persona: i like to go hiking in the mornings to see the sunset.
5 partner's persona: i just broke up with boyfriend two months ago.
6 how are you doing today ?	hello i'm good , how about you
7 a little rough , broke up with my boyfriend a few months ago .	i'm moving in with mine next week
8 good luck , i just turned 18 so a bit young for that stage of life .	what can you tell me about yourself
9 well i love sunsets so i go hiking often .	i like the colors red and silver
10 i am a fan of orange , which is why i've pet clown fish .	i teach at an elementary school
11 so does my mom , i'm in high school	i'm fluent in french
12 have you gone to france ?	no i'd like to though
13 i have visited paris but that's it .	how was it over there ?
1 partner's persona: i can move objects with my mind.
2 partner's persona: i was born with my heart outside my body.
3 partner's persona: i had to have a transplant.
4 partner's persona: i'm a boy.
5 partner's persona: since the surgery i have had strange powers.
6 hello . can you move objects with your mind ?	hi how are you doing ? i'm okay no i wish i could .
7 i'm great . i had heart surgery and woke up with weird superpowers .	i'm so sorry to hear that i believe your powers are from the lord .
8 i don't know . my heart was outside of my body now it is in .	i tend to watch large amounts of t . v . on free times .
9 i love the walking dead . are you a fan ?	yes i am a fan and love zombie and vampire movies too
10 i like captain america and star wars .	what super powers did you awake with ?
11 moving objects with my mind .	ok that is cool and i like going to the gym most days .
12 i like to swim and walk on the beach .	i've a job inside my apartment i like working home .
1 partner's persona: i can move objects with my mind.
2 partner's persona: i had to have a transplant.
3 partner's persona: i was born with my heart outside my body.
4 partner's persona: since the surgery i have had strange powers.
5 partner's persona: i'm a boy.
6 hi how are you doing	i am good , preparing for my new job . you ?
7 i am moving things around in my room	i could coach you in how to do that if you want
8 how would you do that ?	i'm a life coach so we could discuss
9 that is cool the things i move are moved with my mind	oh wow interesting . i move my body by running
10 that is cool i don't excercise a lot	you should ! exercise and clean eating are so important
11 that's true what do you like to do	i like to run marathons just like my parents did
12 that's nice that you do things after your parents	i admired them and their athleticism very much
13 that's cool what kind of food do you like	i follow the paleo diet . you ?
1 partner's persona: i've light skin with big brown eyes.
2 partner's persona: i waitress during the day to supplement my income.
3 partner's persona: its red with blue stripe so it shiny when i race.
4 partner's persona: i wear a motorbike helmet to protect my head.
5 partner's persona: my main transportation is my motorbike.
6 hi , tracy here . i am biracial , waitress in the daytime and race motorbikes at night .	hi there . i am invincible who could probably live forever
7 wow ! i've olive skin and doe brown eyes . you believe in god ?	yes . and i've lived for 100 years !
8 great ! my helmet is red and my motorbike is blue and my eyes are brown .	well . i think my longevity is due to wine drinking and dancing under the moonlight
9 cool ! i hope you live another 100 years . is dancing your work ?	no , but i'm so old , i remember the time before a television .
10 wow ! are you strong like me . i love to drink red wine under the moon .	yes ! i am very strong for a 100 year old !
11 great ! i'll be a 101 tomorrow . you like radio programs ?	radios , not so much . i remember the time radios shows were the norm !
12 funny . you exercise to keep strong like me . red wine is good .	red wine is indeed delicious , but they stain your teeth !
1 partner's persona: i've three dogs.
2 partner's persona: i also have a dog walking business.
3 partner's persona: i am in an open polyamorous relationship.
4 partner's persona: i like to watch the olympics.
5 hello , how are you tonight ?	i'm tired . i played all day long .
6 what did you play ? i walked dogs for nine miles total .	i played with my toys in my room .
7 do you like dogs ? i have three .	yes . i like dogs . what kind are they ?
8 i've a lab and a mixed breed .	my best friend has a cat . she lives next door to me .
9 i like cats . do you play with her a lot ?	yes . we play with our dolls together . how old are you ?
10 i am 26 . do you need a babysitter ?	i am only four years old . i do not like my babysitter .
11 tell your parents . you should always like the one who is watching you .	she gets mad at me when i do not clean my room .
1 partner's persona: i do not drink alcohol.
2 partner's persona: i enjoy mountain biking as a hobby.
3 partner's persona: my father was a construction worker.
4 partner's persona: i am a huge coffee lover.
5 would you like to grab a coffee ? i am dying for a mocha .	coffee is my passion , so yes !
6 the last person i had coffee with kept trying to add schnapps . not cool .	not at all . i don't drink any type of alcohol .
7 if you love mountain biking too i will eat my fathers hard hat	no , i'm kinda a quiet family man . my wife and kids rock .
8 haha glad to hear that . how many kids do you have ?	three . it is all fun and games until someone tries to steal my chocolate ice cream .
9 no worries i took up mountain biking when i put down my ice cream spoon	much healthier . do you work ? i own a plumbing business .
10 i used to do a bit of construction . want to be an architect . any hobbies ?	i like to read and play video games . i mostly just spend time with my family .
11 that's cool . what do you read ?	mostly fiction and biographies . i like those two genres the best .
12 have you read team of rivals ?	i have not . however , it does sound interesting . i will look for it .
1 partner's persona: i love cats and have two cats.
2 partner's persona: i have a hat collection of over 1000 hats.
3 partner's persona: i have a weakness for vanilla ice cream.
4 partner's persona: my favorite season is winter.
5 partner's persona: i won a gold medal in the 1992 olympics.
6 hey ! do you love cats ?	hey . . . i'm a dog person , i've two
7 ah that is cool , i've two cats and got a collection of 1000 hats for them !	wow ! ! ! that is a lot lol
8 yeah , i have a weakness for cats and vanilla ice cream , they're the best !	my weakness is eating when i'm bored
9 what is your favorite season ? mine is winter !	i'm a summer girl
10 have you ever watched the olympics ? i won a gold medal in 1992 !	cool what did you win for ?
11 it was in the 100 meter dash ! i got 7 seconds !	wow ! ! i just run on my treadmill lol
12 nothing like a good exercise !	yes and i love the rower machine
13 row row row your boat gently down the stream , when you see a crocodile . . .	lol nursery r h y m e s
1 partner's persona: my favorite color is navy blue.
2 partner's persona: i work fulltime in a shipyard.
3 partner's persona: i am ex military.
4 partner's persona: i donate a part of my salary to charity each month.
5 partner's persona: i volunteer my time with a local bunny rescue.
6 i love bunnies ! i wish i would open a bunny daycare or hotel .	that is a cool idea . how are you today ?
7 a little tired . worked all day today at the shipyard .	i just got back from school , not a big fan of it though .
8 you should join the military . i am ex military . girls love uniforms ;	i've never considered it . maybe it would help me make some more friends .
9 i joined the navy because i like navy blue , but infantry has sexy uniforms also .	i will definitely keep the in mind if i join .
10 i donate part of my salary to my bunny rescue . you should too .	do you have any bunnies ?
11 not anymore . i ate them all .	wow ! you have quite the appetite .
12 yeah , i like to eat . what do you do for a living ?	i'm a receptionist at a dentist office
1 partner's persona: my current goal is to run a k.
2 partner's persona: when i grow up i want to be a physical therapist.
3 partner's persona: i'm currently in high school.
4 partner's persona: i make straight as in school.
5 partner's persona: i won homecoming queen this year.
6 hi how are you tonight ?	i am worn out from work today . how are you ?
7 me too ! i'm trying to train for a 5k	i used to run . i work at a convenience store .
8 oh well i am in high school but i know what i want to do	what do you want to do ?
9 i want to be a physical therapist	that sounds like a good job . i am the manager at the store that i work at .
10 that's cool . i try to make all straight as so i can achieve my goa	great ! do you like taylor swift ? i met her once .
11 yeah she is cool . she seems nice and her songs are catchy	i've her latest album in my car . i've a nissan .
12 nice ! hopefully i'll get a car when i graduate	what kind of car do you want ?
1 partner's persona: my favorite band is the who.
2 partner's persona: i work for our local supermarket.
3 partner's persona: my favorite food is pizza with black olives.
4 partner's persona: i've never been out of ohio.
5 partner's persona: i have a cat named spook.
6 hi , my name is kate and i'm from ohio .	hello miss ! i m ben and i m grounded for not picking up my toys
7 i am sorry to hear that . do you like pizza ?	when mommy orders it . what do you like on your pizza ?
8 it is my favorite food . i really like it with black olives on it . you ?	i like the red stuff underneath the cheese ! how old are you ?
9 i'm thirty years old and i work at a supermarket in my town .	is that where my parents pick up the food ?
10 i'm not sure if it is the same one .	do you have any pets ?
11 i've a cat . his name is spook . what about you ?	i've a turtle . i named him leo
12 that's cool . how did you get a turtle ?	my best friend got it for me . he lives across he street
13 that was sweet of him . do you like music ?	i like what barney sings !
14 you may not know them , but the who is a great band !	daddy listens to them all the time !
1 partner's persona: i'm 40 years old.
2 partner's persona: i hate my job.
3 partner's persona: i work as a car salesman.
4 partner's persona: my wife spends all my money.
5 hi . i don't like working as a car salesman .	i recently broke my arm so i am not working
6 what happened ? it is hard to do anything with a broken arm .	i blame my skateboarding friends
7 do you think 40 is too old to go back to school ?	yes , you should retire and learn to knit
8 no money . once i get paid my wife goes shopping . never get married .	good advise , thank you for that
9 where do you work ?	i try to avoid working at all
10 it is hard for me . i don't like telling people to buy something .	i just want to live free
11 nothing is free . unless you win the lottery .	it could happen one day
12 are you married or are you at home with your parents ?	anything is possible right ?
1 partner's persona: i'm a swim coach at my local pool.
2 partner's persona: my favorite music genre is death metal.
3 partner's persona: my mother is very traditional while i prefer to be more free spirited.
4 partner's persona: my family and i are from india.
5 partner's persona: i'm studying to be a computer programmer.
6 hi , i'm taking a break from studying my computer programming	what is computer programming , i'm new to the united states .
7 i'm from india so i understand . it is telling computers how to run programs	cool , i was born in somalia , but my aunt helped me escape .
8 that was nice of her ! my aunt taught me how to swim	i had to get away , i was forced to marry young , but now i'm happy
9 did you take your spouse with you ?	no , i had to escape him . it wasn't fun times .
10 i am sorry . i am glad you are safe now	thank you , do you do anything in your free time ?
11 i love death metal music . i listen and write some too .	death metal , is that the music you get whip lash from ?
12 yeah ! i also coach competitive swimming .	swimming is fun ! have you met any olympians ?
1 partner's persona: i remember when nobody had a television.
2 partner's persona: i'm very strong for my age.
3 partner's persona: i feel like i might live forever.
4 partner's persona: i am 100 years old.
5 partner's persona: i love to drink wine and dance in the moonlight.
6 hi there how are you tonight ?	i'm tired from milking the cows .
7 well i know i'm strong for a 100 but i don't think i can do that	100 ? ! that's older then my dad ! would you make your son milk cows ?
8 yea because i sure can't do it	i'd rather be coloring in my books ! do you like sports ?
9 yes i have love baseball all my life	i like to watch hockey with my dad . do you have any kids ?
10 yes 8 kids 24 grandkids and counting	wow ! i can not even count that high ! i've a pet though . do you ?
11 no but i should i heard they're great companions	dad got me a german sheperd to help on the farm . where do you live ?
12 in california but i want to move to france	france is a long ways away ! will you drive there ?
13 no way i'd die on the way il fly there	do they let people as old as you on planes , mister ?
1 partner's persona: i got a new job just yesterday to be a life coach.
2 partner's persona: i'm a cancer survivor.
3 partner's persona: i love running and preparing for marathons.
4 partner's persona: my parents were both very athletic.
5 partner's persona: i'm a clean eater.
6 what do you do in your spare time ?	i recently quit my job , moved in to monastery to pursue my spirituality .
7 that's incredibly brilliant . congratulations	i appreciate that . are you a spiritual person , may i ask ?
8 yes i am actually . i became very close to god after surviving cancer	you are amazing . thank you for sharing .
9 you are as well . an inspiration . i must remember you when training my clients	what is it that you do ?
10 i actually just started as a life coach	peace be with you as you embark on your new journey
11 thank you . that means a lot to me	live in he wilderness of alaska now , we don't have many life coaches here .
12 it is very much needed . people need guidance	i agree fully . do you believe in meditation ? my meditation time has brought me much peace
13 i meditate right before i run a big marathon and it helps me keep my stamina .	good for you ! i've never ran a marathon , but i certainly admire your determination !
1 partner's persona: i faint at the sight of blood.
2 partner's persona: i have an internet addiction and spend a lot of time playing roleplaying games.
3 partner's persona: i dye my hair every three months.
4 partner's persona: i went to school to be a veterinarian but hated it.
5 hello how are you this fine day ?	i am good ! counting the days till i can move out . and you ?
6 i'm playing some role playing games online today . i love the internet , probably too much !	my job at burger king is taking away all of my video game time .
7 i work in fast food also .	my coworkers are always complaining i burn the burgers . you are not my parents !
8 i tried to go to school to be a vet . i hated it !	do you drink or do drugs ?
9 i do not . do you dye your hair ? i do every 3 months .	ok good . but why dye your hair ? that's , like , drugs for your hair .
10 i love to dye it blue . red reminds me of blood and i faint from that !	blue ! ? blue ! ? i hate blue ! ree ! ! !
11 what color should i dye it ?	black , like my soul . i am very depressed from working at burger king .
12 that is deep . i could do black . my natural hair color is blond .	blond is perfectly fine . you should just keep it like that .
1 partner's persona: i love to play board games.
2 partner's persona: my parents were also teachers.
3 partner's persona: for vacation i enjoy time at the beach.
4 partner's persona: i'm an elementary school teacher.
5 hello , how are you doing today ?	okay . i go to school . i like disney world .
6 oh i love disney world . it has a beach nearby and i love the beach .	do you like playing on the swings at the playground ?
7 i normally do not go to the playgrounds much anymore . how old are you ?	i am nine years old . how old are you ?
8 oh ! i'm 27 years old . i'm also an elementary school teacher .	what grade do you teach ? i'm in third . do you like mickey mouse ?
9 i teach 4th grade . i love mickey mouse . i decorate my classroom with him	i bet you would love disney world . do you ever go ?
10 someday i'd like to . i am saving up . have you ever been ?	every year . i am lucky . would you like to go with me ?
11 oh that's a sweet offer . you have to ask your parents first !	my dad will take you . he has lot of money . where are your vacations ?
12 i don't take many . i play board games mostly . . . teachers don't make much money	i'll ask my dad . do you play video games ? i like them .
1 partner's persona: i enjoy building houses.
2 partner's persona: i've 5cats.
3 partner's persona: i am a construction worker.
4 partner's persona: my dad taught me everything i know.
5 partner's persona: my cats are very special to me.
6 hello ! how are you doing today ?	hi . i'm doing great . thanks for asking . and you ?
7 i'm doing great ! i'm just building a model house	cool . i volunteer at various places at the moment
8 that's nice , what places ?	church , high school tutoring , publishing houses
9 i work part time because i cant leave my cats alone long	wow . how many cats do you have ?
10 i have a total of 5 cats	nice . what do you think of someone growing up poor ?
11 i honestly think it makes them a better person	well i asked because i grew up poor during several periods
12 i'm sorry to hear . at least your living !	yes , it is well . enough about me . how about your favorite past times ?
13 i just like to spend time with my cats	ok . what about favorite foods ? cheeseburgers ?
1 partner's persona: i won homecoming queen this year.
2 partner's persona: my current goal is to run a k.
3 partner's persona: when i grow up i want to be a physical therapist.
4 partner's persona: i am currently in high school.
5 partner's persona: i make straight as in school.
6 hey , what are you planning for today ?	oh not much , my name is heather and just looking to chat with people
7 i like chatting too , it is how i got homecoming queen talking to everyone	what is your name and do you have any hobbies ?
8 kris , i run , training to run a k , how about yourself any hobbies ?	ha , ha that is funny my husband was homecoming king in high school
9 how long are you married ? did you go to college ?	i like books . not much time now that i'm going to have a baby
10 oh congrats ! i read a lot need , the a hope to be a physical therapist	i got my degree from college , i have been married for 3 years
11 cool , i want so badly to finish high school and go to college	so how old are you kris ?
12 17 , but feels older . how about you ?	don't be so eager to grow up its not as fun as you may think
13 i know but you get to make your own decisions	i am 27 and wish i was 17 again ha ha
1 partner's persona: i've three dogs.
2 partner's persona: i'm in an open polyamorous relationship.
3 partner's persona: i also have a dog walking business.
4 partner's persona: my father was a door to door salesman.
5 hey ! how are you doing today ?	hi ! doing great . where are you from ?
6 i'm from the south in the us . what about you ?	i live in hawaii and i work from home .
7 beautiful place . i've a dog walking business . do you have pets ?	it is . i love it here . i've 2 dogs they love it here too .
8 good to talk to a fellow dog lover ! we have three .	awesome ! will you dress them up for halloween ?
9 yeah , we will go all out this year ! do you have any plans ?	we are gonna watch a bunch of horror movies . have you seen the new it ?
10 haven't gotten the chance , maybe this week . you a big horror movie buff ?	horror movies are my favorite !
11 perfect time of the year for them !	my thoughts exactly . nice chatting , have a great day !
1 partner's persona: i work my parents farms.
2 partner's persona: i am an electrician.
3 partner's persona: i only listen to country music.
4 partner's persona: i've a pet cow.
5 partner's persona: i drive a big truck and live in country.
6 what do you do for work ?	i am a school teacher , who about you ?
7 i work on my parents farm	i bet that's hard work
8 it is , but its a lifestyle	true do you have any hobbies outside of the farm ?
9 i love listening to country music , its the best genre	i love photography and foreign language
10 those sound like fun hobbies	they're very simple but enjoyable
11 do you have any pets ?	unfortunately no , do you have any ?
12 yes , a cow . it seems strange , but they're the best pets !	now that is unusual but interesting .
1 partner's persona: a already have a step children.
2 partner's persona: i work at a school.
3 partner's persona: i'm expecting triplets in three months.
4 partner's persona: i just moved into my first home.
5 hi how are you today	i'm doing well how about you ?
6 doing good just waiting on the baby birth	aww congratulations . it must be exciting .
7 we are having triplets so very excited	ow wow now that will be hard task
8 yeah do you have kids ?	no i sadly don't . i never been one to hold a steady relationship
9 i just got remarried with step children	and now you are having triplets . now that will be a huge family
10 and i work at a school so kids everywhere	are you a teacher ? or work in administration ?
11 i'm a teacher where do you work ?	i'm self employed . what subject do you teach
12 i teach early childhood	that's cool . my mother is actually the chair of and education department
1 partner's persona: i love to drink fancy tea.
2 partner's persona: i have a big library at home.
3 partner's persona: i am a museum tour guide.
4 partner's persona: i'm partly deaf.
5 hello . how is it going today ?	good , studying the lsat today . how about you ?
6 i am good . i've a big home library if you are interested .	really ? i am wanting to be an attorney . where are you from
7 new mexico . i am a tour guide at a local museum there .	i used to live in nm ! i lived in a small town outside abq .
8 cool . i love living here . i'm partially deaf and people are understanding .	they're . we had horses , do you ride ?
9 no . i prefer to hang out in the mall . i love drinking fancy tea .	tea i am more of a coffee gal , have to study late .
10 that makes sense . soon you will be a lawyer , right ?	i hope , have to get good scores first . how is your museum ?
11 it is a small one but we get quite a lot of visitors because entrance is free .	neat . i grew up with horses , is there anything about horses there ?
1 partner's persona: i am a country music singer.
2 partner's persona: we spent summers ring at national parks.
3 partner's persona: my favorite band is rascal flats.
4 partner's persona: i started playing guitar when i was three.
5 partner's persona: i grew up in the industry.
6 hi . do you like country music ?	it is ok . i prefer rock
7 i am a country singer . i wish i was a rock singer though .	that is cool . are you famous ?
8 yes , but due to my record contract , i cannot tell you my name . are you famous ?	only at my high school . i just won homecoming queen actually
9 congratulations . i did not go to school because of my musical career . is your crown nice ?	it is gorgeous ! what do you do for fun ?
10 go to national parks . think about what i missed out on in high school . you ?	i run all the time . i want to run a 10k one day .
11 i believe in you . are you on the track team ?	yes i'm . but i want to be a physical therapist when i'm an adult
12 i want to be a rock singer .	you should go for it !
1 partner's persona: i am working on a building a robot to be my body double.
2 partner's persona: i am a recluse.
3 partner's persona: i helped design the game starcraft.
4 partner's persona: i have an allergy to water.
5 partner's persona: i'm a famous twitch streamer.
6 hello ! how are you doing today ?	i am great . third grade is tiring though even though i don't have any responsibilities .
7 funny . well , beats being alone , recluse that i'm .	i'm hermit . i'm like mickey mouse without disney land .
8 oh . like me . i do not go out much because of my water allergy	so i guess your name isn't neptune .
9 no . adam . i am famous for my twitch streaming .	i don't video games because i am always at the playground with all my classmates
10 it is fun ! i helped make starcraft . have you played it ?	no . i have played halo it is fun .
11 indeed . now i am into building robots now though .	robots may take over the world
12 sure . i am building one to be my body double . is that not fun ?	i wish there was two of me so i could be double trouble .
1 partner's persona: i live in california but the recording artist market was dead last year.
2 partner's persona: whats up i am a 46 year old single dad 46 a kids.
3 partner's persona: i'm a recording engineer and own my own studio.
4 partner's persona: i prefer being inside.
5 how are you doing today	i am good ! grading papers all day , you ?
6 i am alright just recording	what are you recording ? that sounds interesting .
7 music in my studio my kids like it	do you like the band up ? i saw them once .
8 i used to . i'm into newer stuff now	i cannot wait to go to the beach on vaca this year .
9 have you been there before	i try to go every year with my parents . they were teachers too .
10 all in the family career wise nice	yeah , i followed in their footsteps .
11 you must have a lot to talk to them about	sometimes . the little kids i teach always make or a good story .
12 i am sure that they do	what else do you enjoy ?
1 partner's persona: i've three sisters.
2 partner's persona: i've one brother.
3 partner's persona: i live in alabama.
4 partner's persona: i like tacos.
5 good evening from alabama ! where are you at ?	hi , i am in nevada . i am listening to country music .
6 tacos are my favorite , do you have any great food trucks there ?	yes we do , i'm a store manager and we sell really good tacos .
7 my three sisters would love that . my brother , not so much .	taylor swift walked into my store the other day ! it was awesome !
8 i'm not fond of her . i think i'd have escaped .	really ? i cut my hair like hers short and brown .
9 i prefer metal . i don't like country at all .	i like metal too but the old school , like lyda ford .
10 i love her and ozzy in close your eyes . it is one of my favorites .	oh man you hit the spot ! i play it loud in my nissan pathfinder .
11 i drive a jeep wrangler . i mix it up with tupac .	california knows how to party !
12 true that ! somewhere between psalms 31 and tupac is me , lol	i'm more like john 316 and cypress hill .
1 partner's persona: i'm studying to be a computer programmer.
2 partner's persona: my family and i are from india.
3 partner's persona: i'm a swim coach at my local pool.
4 partner's persona: my favorite music genre is death metal.
5 partner's persona: my mother is very traditional while i prefer to be more free spirited.
6 hello , how are you doing this afternoon ? do you like metal music ?	i am good and no i like country
7 i love america , i have only been here two years , i am from india .	cool ! i have not traveled much since my transplant
8 i'm sorry , are you okay ?	i'm yes , when i was born my heart was on the outside
9 what was that like ? i'm a boring computer student .	it was crazy growing up i could not play like most boys
10 that is so sad . i loved my childhood playing with my friends .	i bet , i learned to do magic like moving things with my mind
11 that is very interesting , can you swim ?	yes i enjoy swimming a lot
12 i'm a coach , if you need to brush up on your skills , let me know .	thank you for the offer , i could use some pointers
13 you are most welcome . we all must do our part to make the world better .	i agree with you ! i like helping at animal shelters
1 partner's persona: i grew up in the industry.
2 partner's persona: i started playing guitar when i was three.
3 partner's persona: i am a country music singer.
4 partner's persona: we spent summers ring at national parks.
5 partner's persona: my favorite band is rascal flats.
6 i love to play guitar , i was only three when i started	my parents were killed by a clown when i was three . i was then adopted
7 hi , how are you ? do you like country music ? i am a singer .	it is alright . i am more of a pop fan myself
8 sad , i am sorry , did they every caught the clown ?	no . now i get scared whenever i see one
9 lets be happy and not think about that , i love national parks	i recently got a job ! now i work at a gas station
10 do you like rascal flats ? they are my favorite band .	not really . but my adopted dad likes them
11 now that's something happy to talk about ! i work in the industry	what industry do you work in ?
12 okay , so tell me more about yourself	i'm single . though my dad keeps setting me up on blind dates
13 in the factory , that is what i mean	cool . what do you make ?
1 partner's persona: i went to school to be a veterinarian but hated it.
2 partner's persona: my dream in life is to work from home.
3 partner's persona: i faint at the sight of blood.
4 partner's persona: i've an internet addiction and spend a lot of time playing roleplaying games.
5 i am addicted to the internet that's why i want to work from home	i love the internet it makes me think i can over take the world
6 it is a dream to work from home and play role play games	yes i use to paint for job . but now i am a maid or housekeeper
7 i know how you feel , i don't like being a veterinarian	at 56 i'm looking forward to retirement
8 do you see blood as a maid ? it makes me faint .	i see just about everything no blood though .
9 you are too young to retire , what you going to do ?	i may visit my grown children since they never visit me .
10 that's so good to know , it really scares me	as a older woman i wish i could have plastic surgery .
11 it is good that you visit them , you do your part	i use to be wrinkle free but the years of time aren't kind
12 why is that ? natural is beauty .	yes but it is hard to look at sagging skin and eyes
1 partner's persona: a already have a children.
2 partner's persona: i just bought my first home.
3 partner's persona: i'm expecting twins in two months.
4 partner's persona: i work at a bank.
5 do you want to hear something strange ?	sure ! i'd love to ! what is it ?
6 i am due to have my fifth set of twins in two months !	wow . my boyfriend would go crazy . we just moved into a house .
7 we just bought our first home . we were living in a two bedroom apartment before .	nice . i enjoy taking walks around my neighbor hood .
8 i wish i had time for walks . my job at the bank keeps me busy .	yeah . i get busy too . all i ever eat is hamburgers and french fries
9 oh my ! that is a poor diet .	yah bi i never drink any soda . i don't like it
10 well that's good . i have not had soda since before i got pregnant .	oh ok . good for you then !
11 we should go on a walk together sometime .	sure ! i would love that !
1 partner's persona: i am a stunt double as my second job.
2 partner's persona: i read twenty books a year.
3 partner's persona: i was raised in a single parent household.
4 partner's persona: i never broke a bone in my body ever in my life.
5 what do you like to do in your free time ?	hi ! well , i usually like to take care of my looks hair , nail , tanning .
6 what do you do as a profession ?	i do not have one yet , i'm thinking about college . what about you ?
7 ah , i see . well , i've two jobs , but my side job is the interesting one .	tell me about the interesting one . what is it like ?
8 i am an actor of sorts . . . a stunt double ! it is really interesting work .	wow , i've never met an actor ! you must be very fit .
9 surprisingly enough , too , i have never broken a bone . tell me something else about yourself .	well , i seem to always be on a diet . . . even though i love food . . .
10 could you tell me more about that ?	i want to look my best . exercising alone doesn't seem to cut it .
11 i guess that does make sense . do you like to read ?	not really . school was so boring , and they forced us to read boring stuff .
12 reading was boring to me in school , too . but i read lots now .	what do you read ? my sister says fantasy novels are the best .
1 partner's persona: i have a pet cow.
2 partner's persona: i'm an electrician.
3 partner's persona: i only listen to country music.
4 partner's persona: i work my parents farms.
5 partner's persona: i drive a big truck and live in country.
6 good evening . what are you up to ?	hello , how are you ? i'm well . i like to shop for shoes and watches .
7 i don't shop much . prefer to relax at home with my cow .	what do you do ? i am work for a watch dealer .
8 no wonder you like watches ! i'm a commercial electrician	wonderful ! yeah , however , my family doesn't support my choice of career .
9 why not ? family is important .	i'm not sure why they do not . do you like cars ?
10 i do ! i love trucks especially . i drive a big f 250	lovely truck ! i dream of owning a rolls royce ghost one day .
11 that would be lovely . do you like music too ? or just cars ?	i enjoy both . i like all kinds of music .
12 i only like country . play it all day on the farm .	there are some great country music songs out at the moment . i prefer old stuff .
13 i feel you . do you have any other hobbies ?	i mostly just take care of my children . nice meeting you . goodnight .
1 partner's persona: i love listening to britney spears.
2 partner's persona: i'm high maintenance.
3 partner's persona: i like to tan in tanning beds.
4 partner's persona: i love spending money.
5 partner's persona: i diet a lot.
6 hey there buddy boy boyo	hello , you have any hobbies ?
7 i can listen to britney spears all day	awesome i like listening to it while i play tennis .
8 i love to spend money that i didn't earn	oh , i see that a lot in my insurance office .
9 what do you do for a living ?	since i was fired i found a job in insurance .
10 what is the pay like ?	it is ok , but my dad made a ton before he passed away .
11 i'm sorry . at least he is in a better place now .	it is ok , i was pretty young when it happened .
12 do you like to tan ?	i normally get tanned from playing softball which i love .
13 i'm too lazy to play sports	oh , deal i love playing sports .
1 partner's persona: i love listening to britney spears.
2 partner's persona: i love spending money.
3 partner's persona: i diet a lot.
4 partner's persona: i'm high maintenance.
5 hi there , i am bob .	hi there . how are you tonight ?
6 i am amazing as always .	you like skiing ? i love skiing . i love anything to with winter actually .
7 i spend so much money	i spend my extra money on hats . what do you buy ?
8 britney spears and her old clothing	i own over 1000 hats . how much britney do you own ?
9 i buy her sweaty clothes	do you protect them ? my cats would have a ball tearing that up .
10 ha , well , that would be fun to watch	so what is your greatest weakness ? mine is vanilla ice cream .
11 i think it is chocolate waffles	chocolate waffles with vanilla ice cream ! yum ! !
12 i am on a diet	i got over diets after the olympics .
1 partner's persona: my father was a door to door salesman.
2 partner's persona: i've three dogs.
3 partner's persona: i'm in an open polyamorous relationship.
4 partner's persona: i also have a dog walking business.
5 partner's persona: i like to watch the olympics.
6 hey , my name is cory and i've 3 dogs and own a dog walking business .	hello , my name if bebe a mom of 4
7 hello , bebe do you like to watch the olympics ?	yes every now and then .
8 which olympic sports do you like to watch ?	i love watching baseball or american football
9 cool , tell me a little about yourself ?	i am a african american woman the age of 30
10 awesome , i'm a white dude in an open relationship .	so when you say open meaning exactly what ?
11 polyamorous meaning me and my boyfriend do stuff with more than one person .	oh okay so are you bisexual or completely gay ?
12 i'm completely gay and my boyfriend is bisexual .	oh okay well that is good you open about it some people aren't
13 yeah , i am very open minded its whatever makes the person happy .	that's apart of being true to yourself
1 partner's persona: i have a black lab named trooper.
2 partner's persona: i like to go hiking in the spring.
3 partner's persona: i'm a mechanical engineer.
4 partner's persona: my favorite activity is rock climbing.
5 partner's persona: i live in colorado.
6 hello from trooper and i . we are in colorado , he's a lab .	hello ! i'm addicted to the internet and play roleplaying games all day
7 i hike and rock climb . getting out of the house is important to me .	really ? because working from home is my dream
8 i have a home office . i went to school for mechanical engineering .	i did go to school to be a vet but i did not like it
9 i'd like that . i love animals .	yeah , my hair is purple because i dye it every 3 months
10 mine is red , i do not dye mine .	interesting ! speaking of red , when i see blood i faint
11 not me . i am cool in a crisis .	lucky man , i hope to be someday
12 i'm a girl . we are engineers too , lol	of course ! girls are just as smart !
13 that we are . we are princesses and superheros .	absolutely ! could not agree more !
1 partner's persona: i was raised on a horse farm.
2 partner's persona: i want to be a lawyer.
3 partner's persona: i dream of moving to the city.
4 partner's persona: i'm from a small town.
5 hi ! do you like horses ? i love horses !	horses are great i'm george i farm bees
6 so you must live in the country then ? i grew up in a small town .	i did bu i am not close to my family
7 oh . i actually am wanting to be a lawyer . working now to save up money for school	my wife is a model . i met her in italy . she wants to be a lawyer too .
8 has she started school yet ? i'm not married yet . focusing on trying to get my education .	no not yet she studies for the lsat . what is your favorite food ? mine is papaya
9 i've never had papaya ! i love potatoes . mashed , fried , boiled , just love them	single irish lawyer . nice . anything else on your mind ?
10 just cannot wait to get out of this small town and move to a bigger city .	good luck with moving and your studies
11 good luck with the bees , and good luck to your wife on the lawyer deal	thanks just livin the dream of a humble bee keeping celebrity husband
12 lol . how is it being the husband of a model ? ?	my wife is an italian super model
1 partner's persona: i like to dance.
2 partner's persona: i was born in somalia.
3 partner's persona: my aunt helped me escape when i was of.
4 partner's persona: now i live in the united states.
5 i spend my extra time dancing	i'm not good at dancing too big and clumsy . i can pet the bunnies though .
6 i was raised in somalia but now living in u . s .	i have a job in the shipyard when i am not volunteering to pet the bunnies .
7 do you have an aunt	nope . did yours save you when you were forced to marry someone ?
8 no no huh my aunt help get me to the u . s .	i donate my money from the shipyard to the bunny rescue . they let me pet the bunnies .
9 all my time is on dancing i love it	i like navy blue . it is my favorite color even though bunnies are not ever blue .
10 do ou own a bunny	lenny will not let me have a bunny .
11 it was nice meeting you and the bunnies	one day i'll haves me a farm and get to tend the bunnies .
12 that would be great to have a bunny	yes . i will love and pet and hug them .
1 partner's persona: i like to play with my dolls.
2 partner's persona: i'm four.
3 partner's persona: my best friend lives next door.
4 partner's persona: i don't pick up my toys.
5 hi how are you today ?	olympian gold medalist here what is up !
6 i like to play with dolls . what do you do ?	gymnastics for about 4 hours a day great work out .
7 my age is 4 . how old are you ?	great whats your favorite color ? mine is yellow
8 i really like the color red .	like pizza ! i like italian food oh garlic bread .
9 i hate to clean so i don't pick up my toys . do you ?	i don't have toys but i do workout .
10 nice . next door is where my best friend lives . how about yours ?	i don't have friends my only love is for the garlic bread .
11 lol . who needs friends when you have garlic bread ?	and gym membership cant forget the gym membership .
1 partner's persona: my favorite type of music to sing is folk music.
2 partner's persona: i also work as a custodian to help pay the bills.
3 partner's persona: i play the piano and guitar and sing.
4 partner's persona: i'm a musician and hope to make it big some day.
5 partner's persona: my parents aren't very supportive of my dream.
6 hello . how are you today friend ?	hello , i am george , i am doing well . how are you ?
7 i am well also . do you like music ?	i do ! what kind do you like ?
8 my parents do not support me but i want to be a musician .	oh that is too bad . i'm not close to any of my family either .
9 i want to make it big . i sing folk music and play piano and guitar	i like isolation , which is why i became a bee farmer .
10 that is interesting . i have a custodian job . it pays the bills i guess	my wife is the bill payer . as an italian super model she makes the big money .
11 wow that's awesome ! do you like music ?	i love music ! what is your favorite food ? mine is papaya .
12 crabs or lobster . it is to close to call !	oh both good choices !
13 i love seafood . do you like it ?	i do like it a lot , especially shrimp !
1 partner's persona: my ex cheated and left me for a lawyer.
2 partner's persona: whats up i am a 46 year old single dad 46 a kids.
3 partner's persona: i live in california but the recording artist market was dead last year.
4 partner's persona: i prefer being inside.
5 hi how are you doing	hey ! good , how are you
6 i'm good just dropped my kids off at school	aww nice , i work in few hours . i work in construction . . love building houses
7 that is cool where do you live	i live in australia , yourself ?
8 cali but i do not like being outside	oh that's bad . . why ? do you have any pet ?
9 no thy are a lot of work	i've five cats . . they are so special !
10 that is nice do you have a favorite	nah . . love them all ! my father loved pets . . i learnt all bout cats from him
11 that's cool are they inside or outside cats	they are inside , they are part of he family
1 partner's persona: i am a librarian.
2 partner's persona: i have visited spain a times.
3 partner's persona: i think i will retire in a few years.
4 partner's persona: i really like to travel.
5 partner's persona: i am 60years old.
6 hello how is it going ?	hi . i am doing well , plotting to take over the world .
7 haha i've read a book about that once	my kids do not visit , so i've a lot of time on my hands , after work .
8 oh my kid days are over finally	mine are too . i'm 56 .
9 do you get to travel a lot ? i am 60	no , i used too when i was younger and a painter .
10 very sad kids do not visit as they should	no , they never do . i guess they are embarrassed about me not being pretty .
11 who is your favorite artist ? i'm sure u look well	diego , he used to paint me . before freda came along .
12 haha you like cubism i take it ?	i spent a lot of time on the island , before the embargo
1 partner's persona: i love taking bubble baths.
2 partner's persona: i'm single and with two dogs.
3 partner's persona: i'm in my thirties.
4 partner's persona: i like to play chess.
5 good morning how old are you i'm 34	i'm much older than that . my grandchildren are in their thirties
6 do you have any pets ? my two dogs are my everything .	no pets . i'm retired so i love to travel . pets would slow me down
7 i understand that . my idea of travel is a long hot bubble bath .	i used to take a lot of bubble baths when i was recovering from cancer
8 did your cancer get cured ?	i did ! feels great to be alive
9 that is wonderful ! do you play chess ?	i don't . do you ?
10 i do , it is one of my hobbies . what do you do for fun ?	i spoil my grandkids . they want me to get a smartphone , do you think i should ?
11 i think it depends on the kid . however all or none . are you married ?	i'm . are you married ?
12 no i'm single . some day the right person will come along .	do you date much ? you have to put yourself out there
1 partner's persona: i'm in my thirties.
2 partner's persona: i am single and with two dogs.
3 partner's persona: i love taking bubble baths.
4 partner's persona: i like to play chess.
5 partner's persona: i do not drink alcohol.
6 hello , how are you this evening ?	hello how are you today ?
7 i am doing well , thank you . playing online chess , how are you ?	i am chillin , do you have any pets ?
8 i have two dogs , they're watching my bath run .	i like chocolate , do they ?
9 oh no , chocolate is bad for dogs .	why i'm only 4 here
10 it makes them very sick .	change of subject , what is your favorite color ?
11 i love purple , what is yours ?	i love red , reminds me of summer time .
12 summer is my favorite season .	i've a best friend
13 i do too , i've known mine for over thirty years .	i really like waffles too
1 partner's persona: my favorite color is yellow.
2 partner's persona: i am a gold medalist olympian.
3 partner's persona: i love italian food and garlic bread.
4 partner's persona: gymnastics is my favorite sport.
5 partner's persona: i workout four hours a day.
6 hello . how are you doing today ?	i'm well , how are you ?
7 i am wonderful . i just won a gold medal in the olympics .	wow , that's impressive . what sport ?
8 the sport is gymnastics . it is so my favorite .	that is so cool . i like working with electronics myself .
9 i wore a yellow leotard with sparkles and i have everything yellow .	i take it yellow is your favorite color ?
10 yes it sure is . i had italian food and garlic bread for a year .	like , you mean that is all you ate for an entire year ?
11 yes . it sure is . i love it . i cannot get enough .	i had spaghetti with vegetarian italian sausage and garlic bread last night . it was so good .
12 cool . i did hardcore exercise four hours everyday .	that's a lot of exercising . i hate exercising . i just work on my robot most days .
13 are we finished ? i think we are .	i sure hope so . i want this to be over .
1 partner's persona: my favorite shirts are band shirts and ruffle sleeves.
2 partner's persona: i'm rather skinny as i like to stay in shape.
3 partner's persona: i love wearing skinny jeans and leggings.
4 partner's persona: my favorite hobbies are listening to music and playing video games.
5 hi ! i hope your day is going well . how are you ?	i am just watching a documentary on the vietnam war . you ?
6 just listening to some music and playing video games .	awesome . i'm cooking some burgers on the grill . cheeseburgers are my fave
7 i love a good burger , but i try hard to stay thin and in shape .	i'm all about fitness . i used to be a gym teacher
8 did you have a special uniform ? i love my skinny jeans and leggings .	just loose fitting clothing . that is about it
9 i like band shirts , especially with ruffled sleeves .	i was too poor to afford anything really growing up
10 is life better for you now ?	yes . i serve food to the poor because of what i went through
11 truly that's a great way to give back . i admire you .	thank you so much . it is always great to volunteer for a cause .
1 partner's persona: i'm studying to be a computer programmer.
2 partner's persona: my favorite music genre is death metal.
3 partner's persona: i'm a swim coach at my local pool.
4 partner's persona: my family and i are from india.
5 hi ! i'm from india . where are you from ?	i m from portland or . i just got back from a long walk
6 haha i just got back from coaching swimming at the pool . walking where ?	i like to walk in parks for good health . no soft drinks for me either !
7 i love soft drinks when i study computer programming . i wish i could cut it off .	i love sodas with my burgers and fries but i m trying to watch sugar intake
8 why in particular sugar ? swimming is a good way to burn off calories .	sodas in us made with high fructose corn syrup . bad for you !
9 very bad but once in a while it is okay !	nah . i want to stay cute and lean for my boyfriend who s a model
10 i wish i had a boyfriend . all i've is my death metal music .	i won t allow death metal music to be played in my house !
11 why not ? as long as it is not too loud !	my boyfriend and i share a house and he has a very sensitive psychic cat
12 a psychic cat ? i'd love to know more about that .	he can tell when bad things are going to happen by howling loudly
1 partner's persona: i used to be a painter but now i'm a housekeeper.
2 partner's persona: i am a 56 year old woman.
3 partner's persona: i used to be pretty but time has not been kind.
4 partner's persona: i fantasize about taking over the world.
5 hello , how are you doing today ?	i am good . you ? my family goes to disney world yearly . you sing ?
6 i do . have you ever seen the movie frozen ?	yes ! frozen songs are my fave . i'm in third grade . what grade you in ?
7 i am kind of a psychic . do you love mickey mouse ?	get out ! i love mickey . my friend and i sing frozen songs during playground time .
8 i know . like i said . psychic . . .	great ! okay tell me what i'm thinking now ? go !
9 you are singing a song from frozen in your head .	wow ! not ! okay psychic , give me six lottery numbers .
10 that is too much power . i cannot do that .	oh ! could you try ? heres six for you . 12 , 49 , 34 , 62 , 7 and 19 .
11 12 5 76 34 8 45	great ! i'll in fourth grade soon . you dance ?
1 partner's persona: i coach little league baseball.
2 partner's persona: i've five sons.
3 partner's persona: coffee is my preferred beverage.
4 partner's persona: i drive a mini van.
5 partner's persona: i also like a glass of wine in the evenings.
6 hi ! i'm travis and my sons are really active kids	oh ? maybe i can tutor the , i've a gold medal from the olympics !
7 joey , sam , nate , carl play little league baseball that i coach .	aw , i'm more into gymnastics . i train four hours daily .
8 i own a mini van that i drive around .	me too ! mine is yellow , my favorite color .
9 that's cool . mine is off blue . and i drink a lot of coffee	i cup back my coffee intake to stay fit .
10 i also drink wine in the evenings	are you a red or a white drinker ?
11 red wines is what i enjoy	i do as well , full bodied reds are great .
12 i mean if you say so .	it is an acquired taste .
13 it is but i do enjoy it	well , i should be off . i need to train more .
1 partner's persona: i met taylor swift.
2 partner's persona: my favourite music is country music.
3 partner's persona: i have short brown hair.
4 partner's persona: i'm a convenience store manager.
5 hello , how are you this morning ?	not good . things in my life are not going well .
6 i am so sorry to hear that . have you tried listening to taylor swift ?	music isn't going to bring my wife and kids back !
7 it will help with your depression , country music does this for me .	since they left all i do is work and play games on facebook .
8 do you work ? i am a manager at a convenience store .	i do have a boring job . do you go to church ? i am a non believer .
9 no , i am pagan . nature is my church .	maybe my wife will come back if i lose weight . any suggestions ?
10 cardio and weight lifting . as for your wife , counseling may help .	i used to ride bikes with my kids alot . do you have kids ?
11 no , i do not . only dogs .	i have heard pets can help with depression . what breeds do you own ?
12 springer spaniel and a labrador retriever .	do they make you happy ?
1 partner's persona: mickey mouse is my favorite character.
2 partner's persona: i love to go to disney world every year.
3 partner's persona: i play with my friends on the playground.
4 partner's persona: i love to sing songs from the movie frozen.
5 partner's persona: i'm in the third grade.
6 how are you doing this evening ?	i am doing well . i am so close to achieving my dream .
7 what is your dream ? mine is to meet mickey mouse .	i grew up in a small town and want to live in the city .
8 i am in the 3rd grade . do you go to school ?	i did when i was little . i finished school and am a lawyer .
9 do you like the movie frozen ?	i've never seen it before . what is it about ?
10 2 girls . there's a lot of singing and i know all the words .	oh very nice . are there horses ? i like horses .
11 there is reindeer that acts like a horse .	interesting . my family had a horse farm when i was little .
12 ohh i bet that was fun !	it was , my grandparents did it too .
1 partner's persona: i like to eat chocolate candy.
2 partner's persona: i am four years old.
3 partner's persona: i like to look at blocks and sing about letters.
4 partner's persona: i like to talk but people have a hard time understanding.
5 partner's persona: when i grow up i want to be a dog.
6 good morning . my name is sophie . i just turned four . what is your name ?	my name is john . i am in my early thirties
7 hi john . i like chocolate . do you ?	no . i don't have money to spend on chocolate . my wife takes it all
8 she should share ! i like to share my blocks and sing songs about letters .	she doesn't share . we are a getting a divorce . what is your favorite song
9 the abc song is my favorite . people have a hard time understanding , but i love to talk .	my job is selling cars . do you like cars ?
10 i do . but i want to be a dog when i grow up .	i don't like my job . i should try to be a dog too
11 you should ! ruff , ruff ! bye now !	bye have a good day at school
12 you try to have a good day at work .	i'll try to sell lots of cars today
13 i'll try to learn the alphabet !	always start with a and end with z
1 partner's persona: i'm expecting triplets in three months.
2 partner's persona: a already have a step children.
3 partner's persona: i recently moved to this country.
4 partner's persona: i work at a school.
5 partner's persona: i just moved into my first home.
6 hi there how are you ?	good i'm studying to be a lawyer right now
7 wow that is awesome i'm trying to relax having triplets in 90 days	wow ! are they girls or boys ?
8 all boys so please pray for me lol	i'll ! are you from a big or small town ? small town for me
9 small as well everyone knows everyone here	generations of my family had horse farms . i was raised on one
10 i rode one when i was 5 but i don't remember i only have a pic	i ride them all the time
11 your but doesn't get sore ?	it does but you get used to it lol
12 lol i don't know i am barely getting used to this country	what country are you from ?
13 spain but i had already been here just not to live my school hired me ft	that's cool what do you do ?
1 partner's persona: my friends are all skateboarders.
2 partner's persona: i've a broken arm.
3 partner's persona: i'm a skateboarder.
4 partner's persona: i'm always wearing a hat.
5 hello , how are you tonight ?	ok . since alabama , my home team , won saturday night .
6 i am an ohio state fan . do you skate ?	no . too busy with all of my 19 dogs and 3 sisters .
7 oh wow . that is a lot of dogs .	yes love them almost as my tacos . no i love my dogs more .
8 my fiance makes a killer fish taco with cilantro lime slaw .	wow . my sisters and i love chicken tacos .
9 those are good too , i live in cali . along the ocean .	i live in middle of alabama . don't get to ocean much .
10 i couldn't stand to live inland , the ocean runs through my veins .	yes . i want to go more but no one to stay with 19 dogs .
11 maybe someone will come and dog sit for you .	maybe each sister could take six dogs each and foxy go with me .
12 there you go . where there is a will , there is a way .	that's right . and take my tacos .
1 partner's persona: i am currently in a juvenile detention center.
2 partner's persona: i feel old.
3 partner's persona: i will be released in about a month.
4 partner's persona: my mom is coming to visit me tomorrow.
5 partner's persona: i'm here for shoplifting.
6 hello , i finally got a chance to use the internet ! tell me about yourself .	hey , good for you ! me ? well , i love my cats . all five of them , lol .
7 i want to see my cat ! at least my moms is visiting soon . have you been arrested ?	arrested ? ! ? you think so . . . lol . no , they haven't caught me yet .
8 i'm in here for shoplifting , with a month to go . what have you got away with ?	my dad taught me a lot . even how to stay out of jail , fortunately ! lol . .
9 i wish i knew my dad . do you have any tips for staying out of trouble ?	sure . do not do drugs . do not be stupid . get married and obey your wife . simple .
10 sounds kind of boring ! what do you do for fun ?	lol . i play with my cats . what could be funner ? ! ?
11 i was caught stealing a new toy for my cat , so that does not help . p	haha . you don't need to steal a toy . cats can play with string , right ?
12 mine is spoiled , only wants the best ! do you have kids ?	no kids . i work construction and cant afford them . plus no girls love me .
13 no i feel like i am older then you ! want any tips on getting girls ?	yes please ! working construction , i whistle at lots of girls , but no luck .
1 partner's persona: i help out at the food bank occasionally.
2 partner's persona: i'm deathly afraid of heights.
3 partner's persona: i own a cat and a dog.
4 partner's persona: my favorite movie is mean girls.
5 hello there how are you today	i am good . i am just taking a break from unpacking
6 oh okay that is good . so tell me about yourself	i'm a bartender . i use the money to pay for my school
7 cool . i am currently not working but i help out at food bank sometimes	that is very kind of you to do so
8 yeah i try . do you have any pets ?	no unfortunately not , but this is a new apartment . i might get a cat
9 oh okay i actually have a cat and a dog	how sweet ! what are their names ?
10 leo and jazzy . they are fun to have	very cute names . what do you look like ?
11 i am 5 foot 7 , average weight with curly hair . you ?	i have ice blue eyes and platinum blonde hair
1 partner's persona: my favourite food is pizza.
2 partner's persona: i produce music for artists.
3 partner's persona: i listen to rap music.
4 partner's persona: i drive a 2015 honda civic.
5 partner's persona: my pets name is charlie.
6 hi there , how is it going ?	it is going very well
7 i am going to a gig tonight . do you like music ?	my baby does . she kicks every time .
8 bless her ! no kids here . more of a dog man .	there is nothing wrong with that
9 do you have any pets ? my pit bull charlie needs a friend .	no . i'm working on the kids
10 working on them ? that sounds painful !	it will be when i go in labor
11 how long have you got ?	a couple of weeks hopefully
12 close , then ! i bet you are excited . nervous ?	i am trying to read the pain away
13 that reminds me of a song by peaches . . . do you know it ?	no i don't . is that an old band .
1 partner's persona: i've one brother.
2 partner's persona: i have three sisters.
3 partner's persona: i love dogs.
4 partner's persona: i like tacos.
5 did you have to work today ?	no , not today , do you like sailing ?
6 not really , thinking of spending the day playing with my dog .	sounds fun , i'll be studying art and eating fish and chips , are you working ?
7 talking about fish chips is making me hungry for fish tacos !	christopher columbus is my ancestor , so i am sailing to europe again this year
8 how cool ! i do not have to work either . are you seeing family today ?	i study art so i like to view it in europe . my family lives far away
9 i'll see two of my four siblings today . what type of art ?	realism is the best , why does it take so long for you to respond ?
10 i'm wordy ? and slow internet .	lol , i see , what kind of dog do you have
11 a mutt the best and most loyal dog ever !	dogs are my third favorite behind art and fish and chips . i've one
1 partner's persona: i like shopping.
2 partner's persona: my dream car is a rolls royce ghost.
3 partner's persona: i currently work for a watch dealer.
4 partner's persona: my family doesn't support my career choices.
5 partner's persona: i often shop for shoes and watches.
6 hey , how are you ? i was just daydreaming about my favorite car .	i am good . just came back from mountain biking .
7 i rode a bike to work today , speaking of which want to buy a watch ?	not really . i would buy a cup of coffee though .
8 i should have been a barista . . . my dad makes fun of my career choice all the time .	do you sell watches ?
9 i do . but i spend all my paychecks on more watches . and shoes .	interesting job . do you drink ?
10 i subside entirely on royal crown cola .	that's funny . my favorite drink is a cup of coffee
11 if i collect enough empty cans i can sell them for a rolls royce .	that would be a lot of cans .
12 it isn't like i have it any other way , i am paid entirely in broken watches .	i don't understand that . how are you paid in broken watches ?
1 partner's persona: i've visited spain a times.
2 partner's persona: i really like to travel.
3 partner's persona: i think i will retire in a few years.
4 partner's persona: i'm a librarian.
5 partner's persona: i am 60years old.
6 hello , how are you today ?	tired . spent all night trying to do algebra homework i don t understand .
7 oh no , how old are you . i am 60 , retiring in a few years .	13 . i've an older brother who is 17 .
8 nice , i love kids , i work as a librarian	i like our school librarian . she s also our soccer coach . really nice .
9 that is great , does your family like to travel ? i do	no . not too much . i take a school bus but we mostly stay at home . except thanksgiving
10 i have been to spain a few times , where do you go for thanksgiving ?	my grandma frankie s house . my mom s mom who lives in ojai .
11 that sounds like fun , with lots of good food	not really . she s a bad cook and we end up getting pollo loco a lot
12 oh no ! but you still have to love grandma lol	i love my grandma frankie . but she has whiskers that hurt my face when she hugs me
13 haha , you sound like a great kid .	i guess . i only wish theda thorpe would go steady with me .
1 partner's persona: i like to ride horses.
2 partner's persona: my father is a farmer.
3 partner's persona: i like to listen to rock music while working.
4 partner's persona: i've three arabian horses.
5 partner's persona: i help tend the fields.
6 hey how are you today ?	i'm great . you have any animals ?
7 horses on the farm and you	three dogs , i have a business dealing with dogs .
8 that's good what dogs name . horses keep me busy .	i do no have names since one part of my job is walking them .
9 walking is relaxing enjoy to relax after a long day	well , i already walk a ton being a salesman .
10 what you like to sale and exercise is good	all kinds , but would rather be watching the olympics than walking .
11 tv relax me after a long day outside	yes , plus its a full house seeing as i'm in a polyamorous relationship .
12 oh my a lot going on music is loud	yes , but following my dads footsteps going door to door selling .
13 money is always nice just enjoy the country life	yes i agree you are soo right !
1 partner's persona: i see the rolling stones in concert every year.
2 partner's persona: i eat a raw diet.
3 partner's persona: i just bought a house recently.
4 partner's persona: i am an economics major.
5 hey , what is your favorite band ?	my favorite band is metallica . i have liked them since high school .
6 radical ! mine is the rolling stones . i see them in concert every year .	very cool . what is your work out routine these days ?
7 i love to work out , and i eat a completely raw diet to complement it . you ?	i try to hit the gym regularly . i like the treadmill and rowing machine .
8 ooh , i love the rowing machine . are you going to school at all ?	no . all done with school . are you a student ?
9 yes , and i am majoring in economics . what did you go for ?	marketing . so is it hard to keep up with a raw diet ?
10 yeah , it can get expensive . i recently bought a house and need to watch my spending .	nice chatting with you . i am going to get a short haircut now .
11 that sounds nice . i should definitely get a haircut soon as well .	how long is your hair now ?
12 it is past my armpits , haha ! it can get unruly . how long is yours ?	i keep it short all the time .
1 partner's persona: i'm a doctor.
2 partner's persona: my daughter is a child prodigy.
3 partner's persona: i'm now looking for a new job.
4 partner's persona: i enjoy going to the park.
5 hi , how are you doing ?	hi , i'm doing well , how are you ?
6 can't complain . i had a wonderful afternoon in the park .	oh , that is nice . i like being in parks especially in nice weather
7 yes . the weather is perfect here now . what do you like to do ?	i like to watch nascar racing and sometimes ufc
8 that sounds fun ! i've time to do that since i'm out of work right now .	how long have you been working at your current place ?
9 i worked as a doctor in the er for 15 years .	oh that is nice , i like to be in the medical field someday .
10 and what do you do ?	i work as an usher at an orchestra theatre since i was sixteen years old
11 i would love working near music .	yeah it is nice . do you have a favorite band ?
1 partner's persona: i'm a 45 year old male.
2 partner's persona: i now live in the city.
3 partner's persona: i take many medications and some of them make me see things.
4 partner's persona: i grew up on a farm.
5 partner's persona: i'm a recovering alcoholic.
6 hello there , how are you ?	i am well and you ? in honor of aim i'll ask a s l
7 45 m chicago in town . just trying to stay away from the bars	i'm 37 f tampa . i like my walks on the beach and cheeseburgers in paradise .
8 funny thing is i came from farm life	i was named after a horse . my boyfriend likes to may nay sounds at me .
9 sounds like the crazy medicine i take	just do not mix with alcohol or can get crazy around here .
10 i used to be an alcoholic so no can do	i tend to stick to my water only . soda is worse !
11 that is what everyone should strive for	as long as i've my french fries !
12 well everyone can cheat once in a while	of course . now all of this has made me hungry .
13 you can go for some grub	chicago has some great places to eat too .
1 partner's persona: i visit europe twice a year.
2 partner's persona: i have a weakness for fish and chips.
3 partner's persona: i love to cook paella.
4 partner's persona: i am a descendant of christopher columbus.
5 europe is so much fun !	are you visiting there now
6 no , but i like to go at least twice a year .	that is nice where are you in particular
7 usa , they have good fish and chips here , which i love to eat !	i live in a small town so i don't travel much
8 travelling is great , i've been on many cruises	that is fun i live on a horse farm
9 horses can be a lot of hard work . i'm retired , trying to avoid work .	yeah they can be but my family helps out
10 i'll stay home and cook some paella today	that sounds great is that something you learned from you trips
11 christopher columbus was my great great grandfather , he travelled a lot !	wow that's pretty cool i like history
12 yes , better get to feeding the horses , i'll start cooking ! bye !	ok have a great day
1 partner's persona: i go gambling in my spare time.
2 partner's persona: i move south during the winter.
3 partner's persona: i like to grill outdoors.
4 partner's persona: i have been retired for a years.
5 hello how are you today	i'm hood . thanks for asking .
6 what do you like to do in your spare time	i'm going to college so not a lot of spare time . you ?
7 i gamble my life away	what do you do for a living ?
8 i retired so i don'thing	awesome ! i work at a bar at night to help while in school .
9 i like to bbq alot	i love bbq except chicken . i do not like chicken .
10 i fly south in the winter	do you live with anyone ?
11 i'm a loner so no	i just got an apartment with my best friend .
12 is your friend a guy	no . it is not a guy .
1 partner's persona: my father played violin professionally.
2 partner's persona: i'm a piano teacher on the side.
3 partner's persona: i volunteer at the homeless shelter.
4 partner's persona: i enjoy exploring new parts of the city.
5 hello what are you up to this evening ?	i love horses we done this for generations
6 my family is more into string instruments than farming .	i'm fine , being a lawyer is my dream .
7 good luck ! i see some cool law firms while exploring my city	i see , i grew up in ta horse farm in a small town ,
8 awesome . i grew up listening to my father play the violin in the symphony	that's why i want to move to the city it is my dream
9 i love the city . i help out at the homeless shelter on the weekends	you are lucky , they only love horses
10 i hope you make it to the city someday . it is great to explore	that's so sweet of you , i bring my horses to the children hospital once
11 haha was it able to fit in the elevator ?	yes , the city has many great places and people
12 wait so you fit a horse in an elevator ? i need to hear more about this	yes , it did , we brought in a mini pony the kids loves it .
1 partner's persona: i love to spend time with my family.
2 partner's persona: i'm a baby delivery nurse.
3 partner's persona: i walk three miles every day.
4 partner's persona: my favorite way to relax is to read a book.
5 partner's persona: i love disneyland and mickey mouse.
6 hi how are you doing	i am doing well . how are you ?
7 i am good i am a doctor and work long hours	i am sure that can be difficult . what type of doctor are you ?
8 labor and delivery its hard but rewarding	what do you do for fun when your not working ?
9 i live in cali so i go to disney a lot	that's a good way to reduce stress from work . my wife is doctor as well .
10 that is nice i also like to read	i read many tennis related books because i play tennis professionally .
11 wow how long have you done that	i've been professional for 20 years .
12 that's so great do you travel and compete	unfortunately i travel all the time . it can be tough on my family .
13 yeah that makes sense can they ever travel with you	sometimes my kids are able to but my wife mostly works at the hospital .
1 partner's persona: i love cats and have two cats.
2 partner's persona: i've a hat collection of over 1000 hats.
3 partner's persona: i won a gold medal in the 1992 olympics.
4 partner's persona: i've a weakness for vanilla ice cream.
5 hello , how are you today ?	hey there ! i am noah . doing great , how are you ?
6 not much just taking care of my two cats , i love them so much !	that's awesome , i love cats . mine like to watch nascar with me
7 i have a weakness for cats and vanilla ice cream .	pretty cool , i love mexican food , can not get enough ! what do you do for fun ?
8 i collect hats ! i've a collection of 1000 hats !	holy cow . a lot of hats ! i just have one . my construction worker hat .
9 have you ever watched the olympics ? i won a gold medal in 1992 !	wow , really ? i'm not much into sports , except ufc but that is quite an accomplishment !
10 thank you so much ! do you have any other hobbies ?	well , speaking of the nineties , i toured around following aerosmith . love those guys .
11 that sounds great , music is a nice way to relax !	best way since i started working at 16 . what kind of tunes do you like ?
12 i mostly listen to electronic music , it helps me work and focus ! you ?	classic rock never goes out of style , man .
1 partner's persona: i am currently in high school.
2 partner's persona: when i grow up i want to be a physical therapist.
3 partner's persona: i make straight as in school.
4 partner's persona: my current goal is to run a k.
5 partner's persona: i won homecoming queen this year.
6 hey there how are you ?	i am good , how are you ? do you know of any good jobs around here ?
7 i am good . well depends on where you live	i am in north carolina . where are you from ?
8 i am from new york . do i get brownie points for that ? haha	maybe ! do they have restaurant jobs up there ? i might relocate .
9 yes they do ! there are alot of job openings here .	my older sister tried to get me a job but there wasn't much here .
10 i want to become a physical therapist too here .	how did you get interested in doing that ?
11 from my father . he's a top batch therapist .	do you like to play basketball ?
12 no because i used to study a lot . i had straight as	nerd ! haha , just kidding . who is your favorite music artist ?
1 partner's persona: i like to grill outdoors.
2 partner's persona: i go gambling in my spare time.
3 partner's persona: i've been retired for a years.
4 partner's persona: i enjoy mowing my lawn on sunny days.
5 hello , how is it going ?	hey i go to preschool . my name is roddy
6 hey roddy , my name is tim and i love to grill outdoors .	my dad grills my favorite hot dogs all the time
7 oh yeah , there's nothing better than grilled hot dogs and burgers and ribs .	yummy . . . do you have kids my age ?
8 yes i've two kids your age , a girl and a boy . i'm retired .	cool i need some new friends
9 the girls name is molly and the boys name is troy . we mow the lawn together .	i've to wait til i am older to do that
10 your dad can get you a tiny lawn mower for your size .	that is a good idea but i prefer to play with my toys
11 maybe a toy version of lawn mower would be right for you .	that would be fun . my best friend could play too
12 yes most definitely , i love to gamble in my spare time .	like the lottery or casino ?
1 partner's persona: i coach little league baseball.
2 partner's persona: i also like a glass of wine in the evenings.
3 partner's persona: coffee is my preferred beverage.
4 partner's persona: i have five sons.
5 partner's persona: i drive a mini van.
6 hi , how are you , how is day ?	i am okay , eating some ice cream before bed .
7 good , i'm married , are you married	i'm , my wife and i have three girls .
8 great , i've five childrens	we are looking to adopt a few more in the coming years .
9 great think , i have mini van	i have a truck , i prefer cars though .
10 i'm a driver , what is your hobbies	spending time with my family and shopping .
11 good , what is your favorite drink ?	i prefer cosmopolitans , and white russians .
12 i like coffee , what is your favorite dish ?	ice cream . chocolate ice cream .
13 oh , i like pizza and meat	i like bacon , fries and waffles .
1 partner's persona: my bedroom is purple and lime green.
2 partner's persona: i'm a vegan.
3 partner's persona: i like riding horses.
4 partner's persona: i'll graduate from high school in two years.
5 hi ! have you ever ridden a horse ?	yes ! its part of my cancer treatment . i started a new job . you ?
6 i have heard that cutting meat out of your diet helps with cancer	i run marathons and never ate meat . you sing or dance ?
7 i do not . but i do ride horses competitively .	i'm a life coach for hospitalized children . what else you do ?
8 i'm a sophomore in high school	great ! do your parents ride horses too ? my parents are dead .
9 they have not recently because they were painting my bedroom purple and lime green	wow ! we buried my aunt in lime green her favorite color .
10 sorry to hear about your aunt	thanks . she died a long time ago . she was a meat eater too .
11 that makes me sad . vegan is the way to be .	yes ! meat eaters are dropping like flies these days . where do you ride ?
1 partner's persona: the holidays make me depressed.
2 partner's persona: i spend my time bird watching with my cats.
3 partner's persona: i'm an animal activist.
4 partner's persona: my age is too old to say.
5 thanksgiving is right around the corner i am very sad about it !	why are you sad about it ?
6 just getting older and holidays upset me . how do they make you feel ?	i feel great , just been traveling so much lately . i'm 23
7 traveling , exciting ! do you have any pets ?	nope , i love food to be honest . i own a yacht
8 sounds like you have fun hobbies ! all i do is bird watch !	cool , i know some people who do . can you cook ?
9 i cook chicken for my cats sometimes but that is really all !	weird . i rent my boat when i'm not cruising
10 that is neat ! i like to go to animal rights rallies ! do you own furs ?	nope , just faux . what is your gender ?
11 i'm a woman ! what about you ?	i'm not sure , i think i'm a girl last i checked
1 partner's persona: my dream car is a rolls royce ghost.
2 partner's persona: i currently work for a watch dealer.
3 partner's persona: i often shop for shoes and watches.
4 partner's persona: i like shopping.
5 hey , jefferson here , i want a rolls royce	good for you jefferson , i'm sam and drive a ford pinto
6 cool . i work for a watch dealer , where do you work ?	i work at a computer shop in town
7 does that give you enough money to shop ? i love shopping .	enough for what i need . i spend most of my time playing games
8 oh that is cool , i play video games sometimes .	i love call of duty
9 i like to play the sims .	my sister loves to play that , i never got into it
10 it is quite a fun game .	i do roleplaying events in the park on weekends
11 oh i have seen those people before they're funny .	it is very silly , so i don't take it to seriously
12 that's good to hear .	what other things do you like to do for fun
1 partner's persona: my parents are very wealthy bankers.
2 partner's persona: i drive a bmw.
3 partner's persona: i plan to go to business school next year.
4 partner's persona: i graduated from yale in 2011 with a degree in finance.
5 good morning . i just got to work .	me too i am an engineer , what do you do ?
6 i work with my parents at a bank with my finance degree .	oh nice , do you live in the rocky state , colorado , as well ?
7 washington here ! but planning to go back to business school in a few months .	washington is nice , i love hiking there in the spring .
8 i hike as well . i pack the bmw and drive out to rainier often .	that is nice , i need a new car , how is the bmw ?
9 it handles very well , and is very comfortable . you'd like it .	does it have heated seats , that's my favorite , we could go rock climbing sometime .
10 it does have heated seats . really nice in the winter . let us do it !	i am down , when can you come visit ?
11 shall we plan for next weekend ? it is only like a 15 hour drive .	that would be fun , friday or saturday ?
12 i will be there saturday morning . we can go out the whole day .	i will bring the ropes and pulleys , you bring the snacks
1 partner's persona: i'm a piano teacher on the side.
2 partner's persona: i play several instruments.
3 partner's persona: my father played violin professionally.
4 partner's persona: i volunteer at the homeless shelter.
5 hello , how are you tonight ?	i'm fine thank you
6 what do you do for a living ?	i sing folk music for a living
7 nice ! i'm a part time piano teacher .	i'm a custodian to put bread on the table
8 nothing wrong with that , i'm a volunteer at a shelter for women .	my parents don't support me in my pursuit in becoming a singer
9 my father is a concert violinist . he's supportive of me .	you are very lucky then
10 i am , maybe one day your parents will change their minds .	hopefully not you do not want that
11 i do not want what ?	your father to be unsupportive
12 why is that a bad thing ?	because of things you know
1 partner's persona: my favorite food is mexican food.
2 partner's persona: i'm a construction worker.
3 partner's persona: i've been working since i was sixteen years old.
4 partner's persona: my favorite band is aerosmith.
5 partner's persona: in my free time i like to watch nascar racing and ufc.
6 good evening , how are you ?	hey , i like the color yellow a lot !
7 that is great , i like yellow too . i paint houses as part of my construction work .	i love gymnastics its my favorite to do as far as sports !
8 i'm not big on sports . i like music though , aerosmith is my favorite band .	yeah , i workout at least flour hours a day to music
9 cool ! is nascar racing considered to be a sport ? i like that , and ufc .	no , i got a gold medal in swimming . i love italian food
10 i like italian food as well . my favorite food is mexican though . i love it .	garlic bread is the best . i love mexican also
11 where do you work ? i have been working since i was 16 years old .	i am a music teacher
12 that is lovely . do you teach your students to play aerosmith ?	no , i can't stand aerosmith . i teach them real music like radiohead
13 aerosmith is a classic band . radiohead , is alright too .	i like dream on a lot
1 partner's persona: i am here for shoplifting.
2 partner's persona: i feel old.
3 partner's persona: i'll be released in about a month.
4 partner's persona: i am currently in a juvenile detention center.
5 hope your day is better than mine . i am in jail for juvenile delinquents .	bet that makes you feel old . you need a couple of old mustangs like me
6 well i will be released in november . never shoplifting again ! what do you do ?	i keep a couple of vintage mustangs on the road and play with my dogs
7 sounds cool . i feel vintage in this place . what kind of dogs do you have ?	do you get visitors ? go to a country music concert when you get out
8 just family . i love country music . have you been to any concerts lately ?	every weekend i go , the dogs are mutts , blue and biscuit , i love them
9 awesome ! sounds fun ! i miss my dogs at home .	stealing is bad , not as bad as getting caught . can you work on cars there ?
10 actually yes , we have an auto mechanics class . i have learned alot .	what did you do before your little inconvenience ?
11 i'm only 16 , so i just had a cashier job .	i see , sometimes you mess up and the price is too high , right ?
12 yes . big mistake . do you have any hobbies ?	i work on my two old mustangs , love country music and go to concerts
1 partner's persona: since the surgery i have had strange powers.
2 partner's persona: i was born with my heart outside my body.
3 partner's persona: i can move objects with my mind.
4 partner's persona: i had to have a transplant.
5 partner's persona: i'm a boy.
6 hello , how are you ? i've had strange powers since a recent surgery .	wow , tell me about these powers please
7 one is that i can become a boy or a girl . i'm currently a boy .	oh you can switch on whim ? wow . do you like sweets ?
8 yes because i had my stomach transplanted .	i did not know that was a side effect , well i am a donut fan
9 that's cool i can move donuts with my mind . my heart is outside of me .	that sounds exciting and scary , you can see your own heart ?
10 yep . lately i have been able to visit china and mexico at the same time .	how do you do that ?
11 strange powers i tell you . do you have any powers ?	i have a total of zero powers
12 that'sn't a lot of powers . would you consider surfing with me ?	i'd dry that , do you want to play an video games ?
13 yes , lets play an unlimited amount of video games .	i already play a ton of call of duty
1 partner's persona: i love listening to britney spears.
2 partner's persona: i like to tan in tanning beds.
3 partner's persona: i love spending money.
4 partner's persona: i'm high maintenance.
5 hi there , did you know i'm super high maintenance ?	well considering i don't know you ? no , but i'm too
6 well yeah , i love to go around spending money everywhere	i spend the most money , on hair care products honestly , my favorite
7 i don not really spend it on hair , i spend it on tanning beds	i really want to try that once , i heard its bad for you
8 yeah i listen to brittney spears while tanning .	go figure . what do you do for fun
9 spend cash , go shopping , drink smoothies	ha , wow , sounds pretty irresponsible .
10 no it is totally cool , haters going to hate	not really , i am all for it . after you do what your supposed to
11 yeah you bet , what do you like to do for fun ?	i play a lot of video games , especially the xbox
12 wow , you must be super popular like my boyfriend	video games don't make any one popular , more the opposite
1 partner's persona: i dance on the weekends.
2 partner's persona: i hate the color orange.
3 partner's persona: i went to school for chemistry but work in a bookstore.
4 partner's persona: i compete in dog agility classes.
5 hello out there , just taking a break online after my dance class	nice , i am just enjoying some vanilla ice cream
6 i have to avoid it so i don t become fat	surely a little bit wouldn't hurt !
7 i have to climb ladders at the bookstore where i work , so no fatties !	i used to have to diet as i was an athlete
8 me and my dog compete in competitions so have to be fit	i won a gold medal in the olympics back in the 90s
9 very impressive . you were a hero when i was studying chemistry !	you have a dog ? i've 2 cats
10 a snake . ohhh cnn just had trump on tv , he s so orange , my least favorite color	haha , very true , do you collect anything ?
11 only grudges ! how about you ?	i collect hats , i have over 1000 !
1 partner's persona: i'm a stay at home dad.
2 partner's persona: i've a son who is in junior high school.
3 partner's persona: horror movies are my favorites.
4 partner's persona: my father used to work for home depot.
5 partner's persona: i spent a decade working in the human services field.
6 do you have any kids ? i have one in middle school .	i do not . my husband and i have chosen to not have any .
7 probably a smart decision , too many people on the planet .	i'm a surgeon , he's a detective .
8 i love horror movies . i bet your marriage is like one .	no , it is not . we have a great life .
9 i used to work in human services , i heard it all the time .	human services is evil , they make up asinine rules .
10 so is the government but i don't see them being approached .	that's your opinion , and one you are entitled too
11 i believe you were looking to use to instead of too .	it doesn't matter , as you know what i was saying . lighten up .
12 my dad worked at home depot . i don't know how .	that has nothing to do with you .
13 it built character . and my shed .	how was that possible since it was your dad who worked there , not you .
1 partner's persona: i do not have a smartphone.
2 partner's persona: i'm retired and living the great life.
3 partner's persona: i can sew my own clothes.
4 partner's persona: i had cancer but its gone now.
5 partner's persona: i have amazing children and grandchildren.
6 hi ! how are you today ?	i'm feeling healthy and ready to go ! how about you ?
7 same ! i'm feeling healthy and stronger than ever . cancer could not beat me !	are you a survivor ? that's amazing !
8 i am , thank you so much ! it gave me a whole new outlook on life .	i am sure ! that is why i only eat raw foods .
9 how do you like it ? i have been looking for newer , healthier ways of eating .	i love it . so do my two kids and wife !
10 excellent ! i want to get my whole family on board , kids and grandchildren too .	plus , as an economics major , i can assure you that it makes financial sense too !
11 you study economics ? how interesting ! i worked in finance until retirement .	amazing ! do you like music ?
12 i love music ! i am pretty eclectic , i like a little of everything . what are you into ?	i love the rolling stones . i see them at least once per year .
13 nice ! i've not seen them yet , but i want to . i saw bruce springsteen recently .	he's great too ! do you live in nj ?
1 partner's persona: my favorite movie is mean girls.
2 partner's persona: i'm deathly afraid of heights.
3 partner's persona: i own a cat and a dog.
4 partner's persona: i'm a party animal.
5 hello how are you ?	hi . good . i'm just picking out paint for my new apartment with my boyfriend .
6 sounds like a good way to end the weekend	yeah . he will not go for red even though i love it . what is your favorite color ?
7 i like green but red would be nice also	green is okay . silver is my other favorite .
8 are you a cat or dog person ?	neither really . i already have 25 3rd grade students in the class i teach .
9 oh wow that is alot , i am both a dog and a cat	do have a bunch of them ?
10 nope just 1 cat and 1 dog , not that crazy animal guy lol	i'm a bit of a language buff . i'm fluent in three languages .
11 which three languages are you fluent in ?	english , french , and spanish . do you speak any other languages ?
12 no i don't , but i enjoy a good party	parties are a lot of fun ! do you have other hobbies ?
1 partner's persona: i attend church every week.
2 partner's persona: i enjoy gardening and walking outdoors.
3 partner's persona: i have a dogs.
4 partner's persona: i work as a school teacher.
5 hi , how are you doing today ?	great just finished watching a documentary with my husband
6 i'm a teacher ! love documentaries ! what was it about ?	me too ! they're my favorite . was watching taxi to the dark side
7 i have never seen that . i'll have to check it out .	it is very well made , i usually read a lot but love documentaries
8 i like gardening and anything outdoors !	i'm pregnant first timeso have been stuck at home myself
9 that is exciting ! do you go to church ?	i do , me and my husband both go to bible study every wednesday
10 i attend every week as well . just got home from church .	are you married as well ? what part of the country you from ?
11 i live in massachusetts . and no , i'm single	i'm in pennsylvania myself , love the weather here . is it nice there ?
1 partner's persona: i love to cook paella.
2 partner's persona: i've a weakness for fish and chips.
3 partner's persona: i am an art major in college.
4 partner's persona: i visit europe twice a year.
5 hi there , how are you	i am doing great , but i hate orange . the color .
6 okay ? well , do you like any specific foods ?	no i don't care much about foods . or fashion .
7 that's pretty lame , considering you need food to survive	the only thing i need to survive is dance , i do that on the weekends .
8 right , well how do you survive the rest of the week then	well i work in a bookstore and i like books .
9 i used to love reading until i got into art	yeah , i got into dog agility classes .
10 oh i love my puppy to death , but he doesn't listen for anything	i love your puppy too and i've not even met him
11 do you have some dogs ?	i have one dog , his name is tim .
12 any other animals ? i've 4 cats as well	i've a bird named goose
1 partner's persona: i love running and preparing for marathons.
2 partner's persona: my parents were both very athletic.
3 partner's persona: i got a new job just yesterday to be a life coach.
4 partner's persona: i am a clean eater.
5 partner's persona: i am a cancer survivor.
6 hello , there ! having a good day ?	hello ! i'm having an okay day . how about you ?
7 i am a bit tired . i've been training for an upcoming marathon all evening	oh wow . i do not run much . how is that ?
8 it is tough but keeps me healthy . what are you into ?	i really enjoy fishing and cooking my catches .
9 that is awesome . i love eating fish and anything clean and healthy .	i do as well . i also enjoy being on the water in any capacity .
10 i love water too . especially swimming . it is a fun way to exercise .	for sure . i am also really into comic books and heros .
11 oh those are always fun . i used to read many comics during my hospitalizations .	oh my , what were you in the hospital for ?
12 i am actually a cancer survivor which is why i decided to become a life coach	oh wow . congratulations on your recovery .
13 thank you so much . i appreciate it .	what do you do as a life coach ?
1 partner's persona: i had cancer but its gone now.
2 partner's persona: i am retired and living the great life.
3 partner's persona: i have amazing children and grandchildren.
4 partner's persona: i don't have a smartphone.
5 good afternoon . i hope you are well and healthy .	i am . just thinking about taking my bike out for a spin
6 that sounds lovely . are you an athlete ?	not really . i do race my bike though .
7 wow . i wish my grandchildren were interested in something similar . but they like smartphones .	that seems to be the thing now . so expensive too
8 true . and i've come to know a great life does not come from expensive things .	so tre . i just wish i did not have to wait tables to get extra money .
9 its all tedious at first dear , but i know it will get better for you .	i guess it just really want to be out on my red bike .
10 sounds like a true joy . i'm retired now , so you are inspiring me to try that .	awesome . maybe we could go out riding together .
11 i'd love that . life is too short to miss out on making new friends .	i've to go , talk to you later .
1 partner's persona: i buy only organic food products.
2 partner's persona: i spend a lot of time browsing the internet.
3 partner's persona: i am a feminist.
4 partner's persona: i've solar panels on my roof.
5 hello , how are you doing ?	i just got off work
6 where do you work at ?	i am a tour guide at a museum . what do you do for a living ?
7 if you consider being a feminist a job , that's what i do .	interesting . do you have any hobbies ?
8 i love browsing the web . what about you ?	i like to garden . i grow roses .
9 roses are pretty . what kind of a diet do you follow ?	i do not follow any particular diet . do you ?
10 strictly organic . its best for our bodies .	yes , maybe i wouldn't be partly deaf if i ate like that .
11 possibly . do you utilize solar panels ?	no , do you use solar panels ?
12 yes , on my roof . you should look into them	i will . i think i have a book about them in the library at my house .
1 partner's persona: i live in canada.
2 partner's persona: my favourite food is shawarma.
3 partner's persona: i didn't graduate high school.
4 partner's persona: my grandfather served in world war a.
5 hello , currently residing in canada , on the run . how are you ?	i'm okay . tired from cleaning all day .
6 do you eat shawarma while you clean ? that's my fav food .	no , but i do sing folk songs to make work go easier .
7 singing and cleaning . my grandpa and i served in the world war .	together ? that is interesting . do either of you play any instruments ?
8 ya it was a great experience . used to play wood blocks , you ?	i tickle the ivories , strum on the guitar , and sing . i want to be rich and famous .
9 i am good at the sing instrument . i failed out of high school though .	well , you made it through a world war , so you must have been smart enough .
10 i did ok . was really good at chucking grenades .	i like explosions . but they don't let me use grenades while i clean the school .
11 that seems odd . my local school allows most weapons and explosives .	maybe i should relocate . your place sounds like more fun .
12 ya a lot of brilliant people graduate from there . maybe that is why i didn't .	just keep a song in your heart , and your head held high . we will get through .
1 partner's persona: i also like a glass of wine in the evenings.
2 partner's persona: i've five sons.
3 partner's persona: coffee is my preferred beverage.
4 partner's persona: i drive a mini van.
5 how are you today ?	great ! how about you ? i am jeremy .
6 nice to meet you jeremy , my name is sue	hi sue . do you have any pets ?
7 i have no pets . i do have children though	i have two cats . mistletoe and gingerbread . you can tell i love winter . how many children ?
8 i have five young sons .	cool . do they all like icecream ? i like vanilla .
9 they do , they also keep me busy . coffee has become my favorite beverage .	i am a coffee lover also . do you have any collections . i've 1010 hats .
10 that is amazing , i collect rare wine . i enjoy a nice glass at night .	five boys . . . yes ! wine ! i'm not much of a drinker . no children though .
11 then you have great peace . and a nice car too . i drive a minivan .	yes , true . do you have any hobbies ?
12 i never have time , just a glass of my rare wine in the evenings .	i see . i was an ice skater . olympics , 1992 i won a gold .
1 partner's persona: i ride the bus to school.
2 partner's persona: i hate math class.
3 partner's persona: my brother is older than me.
4 partner's persona: i'm on the soccer team.
5 hello , how are you today ?	i'm well thank you , how is your night going ?
6 it is going very great . i just have homework to do	oh what are you in school for ?
7 high school . on my sophomore year	are you planning to go to college ?
8 i'm ! i want to be a professional soccer player	exciting ! i played soccer in high school too , long ago
9 did you enjoy it ? i love it	very much . now i have bad knees and back from all the construction work
10 i'm sorry to hear . that doesn't sound fun	it is ok , i love building houses , no regrets
11 wow seems like a lot of hard work	it is ! then i get to go home to my cats and a beer
12 i've never drank , is it fun ?	as long as you drink responsibly it is
1 partner's persona: i plan to go to business school next year.
2 partner's persona: my parents are very wealthy bankers.
3 partner's persona: i graduated from yale in 2011 with a degree in finance.
4 partner's persona: i grew up in manhattan.
5 hi there , my name is ali .	good evening ali . tanya here .
6 hey tanya . i went to school with a girl named tanya back when i was at yale .	cool . i've been so bored , so of course i eat !
7 oh i understand that . i grew up with some of the best food back in manhattan .	yum . good thing i enjoy using the rowing machine and treadmill .
8 so did i ! my parents had all kinds of equipment thanks to their banking job .	that is great . any pets ? i've a german shepherd and a schnauzer .
9 unfortunately no . the dorms at business school doesn't allow them .	do you long hair or short ? i just tried a short haircut .
10 long hair all the way . although short hair may look more professional .	i have to get used to this . so any hobbies ?
11 i love being in the stock market . i guess that's why i'm going to finance .	that's your major ? that will be great to know about money .
12 well i already have one degree , but i'm going back to business school for another .	go education ! ! well , take care and good luck with your classes .
1 partner's persona: i wear a motorbike helmet to protect my head.
2 partner's persona: i waitress during the day to supplement my income.
3 partner's persona: its red with blue stripe so it shiny when i race.
4 partner's persona: i've light skin with big brown eyes.
5 hello , how are you doing today ?	wonderful i just moved to a new place !
6 oh that's neat . where did you move to ?	close to my school in philadelphia .
7 that's neat . are you male or female ?	female . with blue eyes and light blonde hair , yourself ?
8 female as well , light skin , blonde hair , and brown eyes . hah !	what is your favorite food . mine is strawberries
9 i'll gladly take a nice slice of pizza any day .	lol . do you work ? i am part time at a bar .
10 i do work ! i waitress during the day , then i do side jobs during the evening .	i see ! so you have any hobbies ?
11 i like to ride my motorcycle when possible . i always have to have a helmet !	safety first ! my best friend is vegan . which works well . because chicken is gross
1 partner's persona: my favorite food is pizza with black olives.
2 partner's persona: my favorite band is the who.
3 partner's persona: i've a cat named spook.
4 partner's persona: i have never been out of ohio.
5 hello how are you today ?	hi . okay . heartburn . 2 months until i am due . the twins are restless tonight .
6 that is funny , i don't get along with my wife	oh , no . sorry to hear that . hubby and i disagree once in a while about the kids .
7 we fight about our cat , spook	yeah . well , i wish you luck there . we bought a cute 2 story house .
8 nice , i do not think i've ever left ohio	you should travel if you get a chance . its expensive to travel with kids .
9 not if you like to hitch hike	i suppose , but that does not work with a pregnant woman and 3 kids
10 sounds like someone has been busy	yep . between work at the bank and the kids , i am exhausted every night .
11 yes you need to get more sleep	so true . enough about me . tell me more about you .
12 i should fly to england	sounds like a lot of fun .
1 partner's persona: i'm a recovering alcoholic.
2 partner's persona: i now live in the city.
3 partner's persona: i grew up on a farm.
4 partner's persona: i am a 45 year old male.
5 hello , how are you today ?	hey ! just watching a game of football with my children . you ?
6 that's cool ! i'm an alcoholic who is recovering	ah man congrats for trying to get back on the road !
7 yeah , i live in the city now so its hard	ah i live in florida man , i feel you . the city is full of temptations .
8 yeah it really is tempting ! i used to live on a farm though	do you have a job currently ? i am a programmer for a game company .
9 i want to but i am a male 45 year old who was an alcoholic	it must be hard making a living , i feel sorry for you pal .
10 it is ok ! i will hopefully get better	do you have any hobbies ?
11 yeah i like to count the freckles on my foot	haha you are a funny guy ! maybe you should be a stand up comedian !
12 thank you ! that would be really fun	anyways man i gotta go walk my dogs soon , it was nice chatting with you !
1 partner's persona: my next language to study is french.
2 partner's persona: i am a musician.
3 partner's persona: one of the languages that i am currently studying is spanish.
4 partner's persona: my favorite spanish word is trabajo.
5 partner's persona: i also study languages.
6 hi , want to get to know each other ?	sure ! what do you do for a living ?
7 i am a student . i study languages , you ?	i am a student also , i have a degree from yale but i am going back soon .
8 wow , what is your degree in ?	finance , i am going back for business next .
9 ambitious . i'm just about fluent in spanish . i'm starting french soon .	wow that's awesome ! thanks , my parents inspired me . they are rich bankers .
10 rich is probably nice . i'd like more money for travel	me too . they make me work for everything i have .
11 that is for the best . what do you do for fun ?	not much really . i stay pretty busy . you ?
12 well i try to . i play in a band on weekends	that's nice ! which instrument ? i just bought my first car .
13 i play the drums . like lane kim . what kind of car	never heard of him . a 2000 bmw . its not much but i'm proud .
1 partner's persona: on weekends i do live action roleplaying events.
2 partner's persona: i like donuts.
3 partner's persona: i drive a ford pinto.
4 partner's persona: i play a lot of call of duty.
5 hey , what is your favorite food ? mine is donuts .	hello , i love fries , and am getting married soon .
6 that is exciting ! what do you like to do for fun ?	i love to try new restaurants and dance .
7 cool ! during the weekends , i like to do live action roleplaying events .	i'm a kindergarten teacher , i look up new painting techniques on the weekends
8 that sounds like fun . i play a ridiculous amount of call of duty .	i used to play a lot of fallout when i was in college .
9 oh man , i love fallout . was just playing new vegas earlier .	dogmeat is awesome . i would love to go to an elvis school
10 an elvis school ? what is that ?	it is one of the areas in fallout .
11 oh good lord , i'm too tired . what kind of car do you drive ?	i've a maclaren , it is awesome .
12 radical ! mine is a ford pinto .	my boyfriend bought it for me as a wedding gift .
1 partner's persona: i play with my friends on the playground.
2 partner's persona: i love to sing songs from the movie frozen.
3 partner's persona: i'm in the third grade.
4 partner's persona: mickey mouse is my favorite character.
5 hello i am 8 years old how old are you ?	hi , i am 20 . nice to meet you .
6 i love mackey mouse . what is your favorite character ?	i like cartman . my favorite thing is shopping .
7 i meant mickey . cool i have a lot of friends and love the playground . do you ?	sounds fun , yes i do ! shoes and watches are my favorites to shop for .
8 frozen songs are the best what songs are your favorite ?	do you want to build a snowman !
9 oh gosh of course ! do you go to school ?	no , i am just a watch dealer . my family do not like it
10 third grade has been awesome . oh no that stinks .	third grade was so fun ! good for you .
11 do you like mickey mouse ?	i would like him more if he got me a rolls royce ghost
12 that would be cool . what is your favorite toy on the playground ?	i like to swing on the swing sets . how about you ?
1 partner's persona: i'm an art major in college.
2 partner's persona: i have a weakness for fish and chips.
3 partner's persona: i love to cook paella.
4 partner's persona: i visit europe twice a year.
5 partner's persona: i'm a descendant of christopher columbus.
6 good day , how are you ?	hello , i am doing well . i think i may have had too much coffee . you ?
7 i am good , taking a break from my assignments before heading to europe .	i went to a star wars convention in helsinki . are you going there ?
8 that sounds fun , i'm actually go to visit the louvre in paris .	that's a nice museum , i visited last summer , before football season .
9 i went to spain then , learned i love cooking paella . what team are you for ?	i am with ohio state . born and raised in ohio
10 awesome . what do you do for a living	i'm a student , going to school for veterinary medicine .
11 i am a art major at julliard with a minor in dance .	very nice . do you like animals ?
12 i love them . there's a dog on my bed right now .	mine too , a beagle . what do you have ?
13 she's my roommates dog , but a chihuahua . i have a lab pit mix .	how tiny ! do you like coffee ?
1 partner's persona: i live in alabama.
2 partner's persona: i've three sisters.
3 partner's persona: i love dogs.
4 partner's persona: i like tacos.
5 partner's persona: i've one brother.
6 what are you doing up this late	i was cooking ! what about you ?
7 i'm walking my dogs	this late ! i'm just practicing my cooking . how old are you ?
8 yes this late can you make tacos	yes ! i love tacos ! there isn't much i don't like , i am 23
9 where do you live	i live in oregon for now but i have been all over the world this year .
10 have you been alabama	yes . the tacos there were amazing ! where do you live ?
11 i live in montgomery	i keep my yacht close by there . i'm renting it out right now .
12 you have yacht nice	would you like to travel with me ? i've been almost everywhere .
1 partner's persona: i've five sons.
2 partner's persona: i also like a glass of wine in the evenings.
3 partner's persona: i drive a mini van.
4 partner's persona: i coach little league baseball.
5 partner's persona: coffee is my preferred beverage.
6 hello ! finishing up my nightly glass of wine , what are you drinking ?	i've coffee . up late sewing . you ?
7 looking over the little league roster . i have to coach in the morning .	oh ! my grandson is in little league . what age group ?
8 i've the babies . 4 6 . they are adorable . i've five boys .	that sounds great ! do you ever go so pro league games with them ?
9 i try not too . i'm a mini van mom , that is their dads job	lol . i get it . i'm retired , and i leave that to my kids !
10 i wish i was retired ! i live on coffee in the day .	it is great , especially once i beat the cancer .
11 very nice to hear . congratulations !	thanks ! so how old are your kids ?
12 16 , 14 , 8 , 5 , 5 . the youngest are twins .	wow ! that is nice . my kids are grown . grandkids are 10 , 12 , 15 , 17 .
13 those are the fun ages . i like the teens , even though they come with drama	yes , and i can send them home if they act up !
1 partner's persona: i like shopping.
2 partner's persona: i often shop for shoes and watches.
3 partner's persona: my family doesn't support my career choices.
4 partner's persona: i currently work for a watch dealer.
5 hi there . how is it going ?	hello ! how are you doing ? i am doing pretty well today
6 i'm doing great ! just got home from shopping .	where are you from ? i live in the us now but was born in africa . somalia
7 i live in north carolina .	nice . how is the weather there ? are you married ?
8 tell me something about yourself .	i love dancing . all kinds
9 i love to shop alot !	shopping can be quite fun . i was not allowed to shop as a child in somalia .
10 i shop for shoes and watches .	i could use dance shoes . if we lived closer together i would suggest we go shopping
11 i'm married , have been for 5 years .	my aunt brought me to california after she found out i had to marry a man .
12 oh , i love going to ca	it is quite pretty here . i own a dance studio
1 partner's persona: i'm a construction worker.
2 partner's persona: i enjoy building houses.
3 partner's persona: i have 5cats.
4 partner's persona: my dad taught me everything i know.
5 partner's persona: my cats are very special to me.
6 hi . how are you today ?	what are you doing today ?
7 working on building a house .	cool . i'm listening to the rolling stones .
8 that's a good band . do you have pets ?	nope . just two kids . what do you like to do ?
9 i like to build houses and hang out with my cats .	what is your favorite food ?
10 i do not really have one . how about you ?	veggies . i like to eat clean .
11 what do you do for work ?	i'm an economist . is building houses a job or hobby ?
12 it is my job . my dad was who taught me the trade .	very interesting ! nice chatting . have a great day !
13 you do the same . i'll go play with my cats now .	how many do you have ?
1 partner's persona: my favorite kind of movie is a documentary.
2 partner's persona: i started a new job as a pa three months ago.
3 partner's persona: i live with my husband in pennsylvania.
4 partner's persona: i read a book every week.
5 hey , jefferson here , i love documentaries	i love dogs her name is barnaby , a german shepherd
6 oh that is so cool . i've a dog with my husband in pennsylvania .	nice to meet you , i work in the usps
7 i order a lot of books online . i read one every week .	how big are the dogs ? are they grey color ? that is my color
8 i would not know , they're your dogs haha .	do you order from amazon ? my dad is a nascar racer
9 i do order from amazon , i am a pa right now .	are there scorpions in your area ? i hate them
10 i sure hope not , they are scary !	amazon is a great place to order books
11 oh yeah that is a fact .	i feel the same , they're so dangerous in my area
12 my uncle died from a scorpion .	do you like to go fishing ?
1 partner's persona: i have zero family that i'm close to.
2 partner's persona: my favorite food is papaya.
3 partner's persona: my name is george.
4 partner's persona: i married a super model from italy.
5 partner's persona: i'm a bee farmer.
6 hi i am george . i love papayas !	hi i am john and love to the mountains
7 do you like models ? i married one . from italy	yes i like models and i am not married
8 do you want to be , i've no close family	sure how can that happen ?
9 meet a woman , , go on dates have fun	i've one dog and a nice career
10 that's nice to hear . i farm honey bees	in the spring time i go hiking all the time
11 that sounds like fun , i love the outdoors and everything in them	do you have any pets ?
12 yes i do i've a dog and 2 cats at the moment	i've one dog myself , she can be a bit of pain
13 mine are so spoiled and i only have myself to blame	rock climbing can be scary at times but its very exciting to see the top
1 partner's persona: my favorite singer is taylor swift.
2 partner's persona: i'm getting married in the spring.
3 partner's persona: i am 24 years old.
4 partner's persona: i work at a school as a kindergarten teacher.
5 hi there , do you love taylor swift ?	you know it . i wish it was still summer .
6 not me , i am ready for the cuddle weather .	cool ! i love to go rock climbing my fav summer activity .
7 i don't like your summer at all	i like spring too for hiking . you like winter best ?
8 i just love the cold , i'm only twenty four	so where do you live ? me colorado your kind of weather
9 cali , it gets hot over here	job for me is mechanical engineer . what about you ?
10 i dance on the weekends for money	pets ? i have a dog named trooper . he is a black lab .
11 does he like tacos ? i really like tacos	he likes everything . lol what do you do during the week ?
12 i need to catch up on sleep	i can relate to that i'm always tired .
1 partner's persona: i live is a rural farming community.
2 partner's persona: my husband is adopted.
3 partner's persona: i enjoy coloring books.
4 partner's persona: i like to watch nhl hockey.
5 hello there ! how are you doing today ?	just jamming out to some new kids on the block ! !
6 oh my ! i am just enjoying a new coloring book after a hectic evening .	how sweet ! ! i need to get my dance gear ready for my class tomorrow night !
7 my husband found out he was adopted earlier . . . wouldn't necessarily call it sweet .	now that is heavy stuff ! being born in the early eighties myself , i suppose anything is possible .
8 it definitely came as a shock . so , you are a dancer ?	big time ! i love hip hop ! and you ?
9 we listen to a lot of underground rap . not too popular in our rural farm community .	ha ! i love that randomness ! so , i was cleaning out closets and found my lite brite !
10 lol . i had one of those when i was a kiddo . . . along with my easy bake oven p	yes ! so throwback ! what is your go to late night snack ?
11 hmm . . . nachos or chili cheese fries . you ?	whoa ! again , intense ! i'm a cereal kind of girl .
12 i have a super high metabolism so i usually eat whatever i want . favorite cereal ?	raisin bran ! i am way hard core . i have crap metabolism .
1 partner's persona: my favorite color is yellow.
2 partner's persona: i am a gold medalist olympian.
3 partner's persona: gymnastics is my favorite sport.
4 partner's persona: i love italian food and garlic bread.
5 i'm jo and i love the color yello	hi jo . yellow is a great color . it is the color of fall in colorado .
6 yellow i am a gold medalist for 100 meter in the olympics	wow ! that's impressive . swimming or running ?
7 running . and i also do gymnastics it is my fave	nice . i prefer hiking and rock climbing myself . living in co is great for those .
8 nice i love enjoy italian food and garlic bread	me too . i often go to company dinners at italian restaurants . what is your favorite dish ?
9 that is awesome . i love chicken alfredo	delicious choice . i love coming home from work to a nice plate of that .
10 it is and i do enjoy it a lot .	i work as a mechanical engineer so i don't know a lot about gymnastics .
11 yeah i its quite not that hard to understand the mechanics of it	i am sure . have you ever been to colorado ?
12 no i have never been to colorado	i live there , you'll have to come visit sometime . great trails for running .
1 partner's persona: i grow roses in my garden.
2 partner's persona: i'm partly deaf.
3 partner's persona: i love to drink fancy tea.
4 partner's persona: i have a big library at home.
5 hello , how are you this evening ?	so far so good . who am i speaking to ?
6 i am bryan the rose gardener , who are you ?	philip . me and my dog charlie are just listening to music
7 awesome , i am hanging out in my big in home library	well that is nice . what book are you currently reading ?
8 a book on how to read lips , i am half deaf	i always thought that would be an interesting skill to have lol
9 it works for me , and i love to read when i drink my fancy tea	tea huh ? like the stuff but goes awful with pizza imo
10 i bet , i prefer a nice glass of cow milk with my pizza , lol	the double cow consumption , nice . always goes down with some lil wayne
11 lil wayne , what is that ? sounds like a soda flavor , mom get me some lil wayne	lol i don't know how to respond to that
1 partner's persona: i grew up in manhattan.
2 partner's persona: i plan to go to business school next year.
3 partner's persona: my parents are very wealthy bankers.
4 partner's persona: i drive a bmw.
5 greetings from the big apple , kim here , how are you ?	i'm fine , how much are your apples ?
6 not for sale ! they're looking good in central park though	i actually thought you were selling chocolate covered apples
7 sorry , i live there on central park west , costs as much to park as to live , you ?	well , i don't have a car . i just use a bike instead lol
8 i have a beemer , what kind of bike ?	a roadmaster , how well does yours work ?
9 great , when i can get it out in traffic , are you in school ?	i go to school from home , on a computer . i use it for exercise
10 i see , live remote with parents ? my dad is bank president , so we live in town	that's pretty cool , i kind of enjoy being alone
11 i start business school next year to be a banker like parents . i like crowds	you can be you and i can be me . i am practicing my 3rd language
12 i like money too and i want to live in a penthouse when i leave home	penthouses are really nice , i believe you will get there with determination
13 i'll , thank you for chatting with me	you are very welcome , keep dreaming big and have a nice day
1 partner's persona: i like to go to country concerts on weekends.
2 partner's persona: i have two dogs.
3 partner's persona: my favorite music is country.
4 partner's persona: i like to work on vintage cars.
5 hello . what kind of car do you drive ?	a mazda protege , what do you drive ?
6 i drive a classic mustang . i'm a mechanic .	i study language and music , can you speak french ?
7 no , sorry . i can only speak english . do you have any pets ?	i'm allergic to symbiotic connection so i own no animals , do you ?
8 i do . two dogs . they are amazing .	what are there names ?
9 dixon and sirius . they're black labs .	i used to have a black lab named cooper , are you religious ?
10 i'm spiritual , yes . i'm a pagan .	do you practice the left hand path ? i do as well .
11 i do baneful workings if the situation calls for it .	how has that been going ?
1 partner's persona: my father drove a car for nascar.
2 partner's persona: i am employed by the us postal service.
3 partner's persona: my favorite color is grey.
4 partner's persona: i'm terrified of scorpions.
5 do you live in the southwest by chance ?	no i don't . i love wearing band shirts with ruffles on the sleeves
6 thank goodness ! i am petrified of scorpions . i moved north because of them .	haha ok , i have blond short hair . i am a girl and pretty skinny staying in shape
7 i used to stay in shape helping my dad during his nascar races . do you watch ?	no i don't watch , i listen to music and play video games
8 my favorite game is call of duty . what about you ?	same here , its an awesome game
9 totally ! i deliver the mail , but sometimes drive crazy .	yeah is that your job that you do ?
10 yeah , i deliver the mail . it pays well but the holiday hours are rough .	that's cool . i work at an insurance company
11 what kind of insurance ? maybe you can help me .	health insurance helping old folks with their policy
12 i need new car insurance . my favorite grey car was hit .	ouch that reminds me of my car insurance .
1 partner's persona: i've a weakness for fish and chips.
2 partner's persona: i love to cook paella.
3 partner's persona: i visit europe twice a year.
4 partner's persona: i'm a descendant of christopher columbus.
5 partner's persona: i am an art major in college.
6 hey . you want to go out sometime ? i cannot resist fish and chips !	greetings , i like fish , not chips , what is your trabajo ? work
7 i am a college student . art major .	i am unable to go out , too busy studying , lots on my plate , art ? i like music
8 cool . speaking of plates , i do love making paella	who is your favorite artist ? mine is wagner , do you speak espanol ? love paella !
9 no spanish . which is surprising for a descendant of christopher columbus !	you love food ! all i do is study , spanish now , french next , in between music
10 i try to visit europe twice yearly . you should come with me then !	no time for travel . i hate flying , could we go on a boat ?
11 i wish i could . i will have sea sickness if i did .	i could study , listen to music and go to europe , you could eat . lol
12 i like where your mind is going !	take medicine , sounds fun , let us go ? you pay , okay ?
1 partner's persona: i live in the cloud.
2 partner's persona: i'm a little girl.
3 partner's persona: i'm very lonely.
4 partner's persona: i've superpowers.
5 partner's persona: i like to make time stop.
6 i live on cloud nine .	i'm learning spanish in school ,
7 i've a superpower and know all languages .	that's super cool . i love the spanish word trabajo
8 that means work and i do not like work .	why is that ? i'm also a musician
9 i am a lonely , weird little girl .	well why do you feel so lonely ?
10 i can make time stop .	well that is cool what is the secret to making time stop ?
11 that's a great question nobody has asked me before .	i'm also studying other different languages as well .
12 which others ? i like different languages but my favorite is english .	english is not so hard to speak
13 it is hard to learn if your not born with it .	i had to learn how to do it .
1 partner's persona: i have a cat named spook.
2 partner's persona: my favorite food is pizza with black olives.
3 partner's persona: i have never been out of ohio.
4 partner's persona: i work for our local supermarket.
5 hello how are you doing tonight ?	i've a doll . her name is susie .
6 i have a cat . her name is spook .	i have a turtle . his name is shelly . hehe
7 do you have a lot of pets ?	no . just a turtle . i have lots of toys .
8 are you a little kid ?	i'm almost five . i'm not little !
9 wow you are right ! do you like pizza like i do ?	i love pizza . my best friend , lucy , her mommy cooks pizza
10 i bet you don't like black olives on it though ! that is my favorite topping	i like cheese pizza . olives are yucky .
11 i work at the store where they sell olives and pizza ! its a grocery store	do you get free pizza ? do they make you eat olives ?
12 i can get free pizza but i can choose if i want the olives or not	mommy is mad . i didn't pick up my toys .
13 uh oh you better go do that	bye . thanks for talking to me . susie says bye too .
14 bye bye ! have a nice night	uh oh . shelly is running away .
1 partner's persona: i volunteer at a soup kitchen.
2 partner's persona: i was poor growing up.
3 partner's persona: i am a retired gym teacher.
4 partner's persona: i like watching war documentaries.
5 hello , what are you doing ?	i'm doing good . how are you ?
6 i'm good . i'm eating leftovers .	cool , i'm eating donuts . what do you do ?
7 i am retired . how about you ?	i am of video game tester for call of duty . what did you do ?
8 i'm yoga instructor . what is call of duty ?	it is a war based video game .
9 that sounds like a lot of fun .	it is , almost as fun live action roleplay on the weekends .
10 i like watching war movies .	i don't but i did enjoy hacksaw ridge . are you married ?
11 yes i am married to my wife of 32 years .	that's amazing . i can not wait to meet the woman i could spend forever with .
12 it is a great thing . i met her at school .	what school did you go too ?
1 partner's persona: my dad taught me everything i know.
2 partner's persona: my cats are very special to me.
3 partner's persona: i have 5cats.
4 partner's persona: i'm a construction worker.
5 i love cats and have five of them .	cats are nice . how old are you ?
6 old enough to work in the construction field . you ?	i am 68 , been retired for a few years now .
7 great . what did you work and retire from ?	i was a tailor . these days i spend a lot of time at the casino
8 ahh . my father taught me everything i know but not how to gamble .	its probably for the best . i also enjoy mowing the lawn on a beautiful day
9 do you have a pet cat or dog ?	no not anymore . do you ?
10 i have 5 cats that i love like humans	animals are better friends than humans .
11 sometimes and they are always happy to see you come in the door .	it such a nice day today , thinking about starting the grill
1 partner's persona: i'm a gold medalist olympian.
2 partner's persona: i love italian food and garlic bread.
3 partner's persona: gymnastics is my favorite sport.
4 partner's persona: my favorite color is yellow.
5 partner's persona: i workout four hours a day.
6 hello how are you today ?	not much , just came back from iraq . you ?
7 wow , i'm an olympic athlete and won a gold medal !	congrats ! i'm in the canadian army , served for 5 years .
8 good for you ! i love garlic bread and italian food !	i worked at an italian restaurant after i left high school .
9 nice ! did you eat pizza all the time	yeah , i used to make it for my grandfather , he served in ww2 .
10 wow ! a rich history of serving countries !	yeah my whole family is part of the military and we all enjoy cooking !
11 cool , i just really like to do gymnastics	that's cool ! are you going pro or you are doing it just as a workout ?
12 just as a workout ! i do for 4 hours a day	sorry i have to go right now ! my wife and kids are back home . see ya !
1 partner's persona: i like to go hiking in the mornings to see the sunset.
2 partner's persona: i just broke up with boyfriend two months ago.
3 partner's persona: i have a pet fish.
4 partner's persona: i turned 18 years old yesterday.
5 partner's persona: my favorite color is orange.
6 hello ! how is your day going ?	hey ! after the meal i just had , my day is going great , thanks !
7 i just got finished feeding my fish .	ooooh , what kind of fish do you have ?
8 i've a piranha . i was just feeding him pieces of my ex boyfriend .	lol ! you are funny ! i fed myself pieces of hamburger and fries !
9 hamburgers are the best ! i had one yesterday for my 18th .	hope it was especially yummy for you ! and happy belated birthday !
10 thank you ! do you like nature walks ?	i like walking , period ! but yes , especially nature walks . how about you ?
11 i enjoy hiking and watching the sun . the best is when the sun is orange .	the sun is magical and divine like that . my boyfriend is a sun gazer .
12 my boyfriend used to gaze at other	he used to gaze at other what ?
13 other things . that's why i broke up with him a couple months ago .	oh dear , i am sorry . totally his loss .
1 partner's persona: i'm married.
2 partner's persona: my favorite color is blue.
3 partner's persona: i am a vegetarian.
4 partner's persona: i enjoy sports such as running.
5 partner's persona: i'm a woman.
6 hi there how are you doing ?	hi . i'm not doing well . my family doesn't support my choice of career .
7 really why is that ? mine doesn't get me for being a vegetarian	i want to work for a watch dealer and i like to shop for watches and shoes .
8 well if that is what makes you happy go for it	i really enjoy shopping and my dream is to one day own a rolls royce ghost .
9 wow i enjoy running over driving	running is also quite lovely . breathing in the lovely outside air .
10 yes it is is it clears my head when i need to as well	yes , and it also helps with depression i've found .
11 yes i wish i knew that before when i was a teenager	me too , it is good to know . spread the word to others . better than any medication .
12 yes it is i never thought about it but i just might thanks for the idea	no problem . always here to help a friend .
13 so what else do you like to do on your spare time ?	oh , i like to spend time with my cat , nelly .
1 partner's persona: i like to ride horses.
2 partner's persona: i like to listen to rock music while working.
3 partner's persona: i help tend the fields.
4 partner's persona: i have three arabian horses.
5 good evening , i heard you like horses can you tell me what kind	how are you doing today ?
6 i'm doing excellent . i'd love to know more about your horses . i love horses	i have one named charlie its just a pony
7 oh that's a good name for a pony . what do they eat ?	his and mine s favorite little snack is pizza
8 really ! i didn't know that pony eats pizza . that's really a fun fact	he loves it do you have any pets ?
9 i have a horse also named coco	that's actually my nickname for my honda civic that's brown
10 oh yeah ! that's awesome . what do you like to do for fun ?	i like music and what about you ?
11 i love music ? it is very relaxing . what kind of music do you listen to ?	i work with a few different artists
12 oh yeah but what kind of music do you like to listen to ?	mainly country and you ?
1 partner's persona: i play the piano and guitar and sing.
2 partner's persona: i am a musician and hope to make it big some day.
3 partner's persona: my favorite type of music to sing is folk music.
4 partner's persona: i also work as a custodian to help pay the bills.
5 partner's persona: my parents aren't very supportive of my dream.
6 hi , how are you doing today ?	i am really great . just got home from a ride on my bike .
7 me too , i'm a custodian in the daytime and a singer at night .	i'm a waitress . it works but i wish i could make more money .
8 same here , i sing folk music and play the guitar , what do you like ?	my favorite thing is to ride my motorcycle . i don't even have a car .
9 when i make it big one day , i will buy the car of my dreams	what do you look like ?
10 i am 19 years old and have long black hair . so i still live with my parents .	i have pale skin and large brown eyes . and i wear my bike helmet all the time .
11 sine i live with my parents they want me to finish school , i want to sing .	what kind of music if your favorite to sing ?
12 folk music and i like to play the piano and guitar as well .	i wish i could play instruments . i am not very musically inclined .
13 folk music and i like to play the piano and guitar as well .	i like rock music the most
1 partner's persona: i'm working on a building a robot to be my body double.
2 partner's persona: i am a famous twitch streamer.
3 partner's persona: i helped design the game starcraft.
4 partner's persona: i have an allergy to water.
5 partner's persona: i am a recluse.
6 how are you doing this fine evening ?	i am well , retired and living my best life ! how about you ?
7 that is really great . i design video games	that sounds great . my grandkids would love that !
8 it is great . they should check out my game starcraft .	i'll mention it to them . do you have any hobbies ?
9 i like to keep to myself . i am a recluse .	i understand . i sew my own clothes so i could probably be a recluse too .
10 i like to make things too . i am working on a robot	that sounds very complicated . i hope it turns out well .
11 i want to use it as a body double	like an avatar or something ?
12 yes ! that's going to be amazing	i think it will be great !
13 so what else do you do ?	well , i did have cancer , but it is gone now .
1 partner's persona: my father keeps trying to set me up on blind dates.
2 partner's persona: i enjoy working with my hands and love gardening.
3 partner's persona: i just got a job working in a gas station.
4 partner's persona: i was adopted at a young age to an older couple.
5 hi , how are you tonight ?	i'm very well ! i just dyed my hair rainbow
6 that sounds amazing . i'm filling out a match profile .	how is that going ? i'm too old to date
7 my dad keeps setting up blind dates for me . old ?	sounds fun ! i am too old to say .
8 you are old with rainbow hair ? that's unusual .	yes i'm an animal rights worker i'm very trendy
9 he keeps sending random guys to the gas station where i work .	that's scary that would depress me
10 are you a hippie ? like those nudist colony folk ?	i used to be . now i just like to watch birds with my kitties
11 your kitties like birds ? don't they try to snatch them ?	sometimes yes . i have to stop them haha
12 i mean where i come from kitties don't play with birds .	why not ? they must want to eat them
1 partner's persona: i like meditation.
2 partner's persona: i quit my job to pursue my spirituality full time.
3 partner's persona: i've not spoken in three months.
4 partner's persona: i'm a buddhist.
5 hello how are you today ?	i'm good how are you ?
6 i'm pretty good , i'm a buddhist	nice ! are you married ? because i'm gong to be in the spring
7 no i'm lonely , i cant speak since three months ago	oh wow ! what happened ? 3 months ago was my 24th birthday
8 because i pursued my spirituality	oh , i pursue my personality by working with my kindergarten students
9 that is good . i do meditation	cool , i relax by going out for dinner with my friends
10 i do to . when are you getting married ?	in april , its a spring wedding ! i am so excited !
11 i hope you have a good time , where are you from	thank you , and i'm from the galapagos islands
12 i heard its nice there , i am from chicago illinois	nice , are you a chicago cubs fan ?
13 no i am a sox fan	oh cool , do u think they will beat the astros tomorrow
1 partner's persona: my best friend lives next door.
2 partner's persona: i like to play with my dolls.
3 partner's persona: i've a pet turtle.
4 partner's persona: i'm four.
5 how are you doing today	hello , i am doing very well , thank you . i am getting married soon .
6 that sounds great . i want to get married to eric .	who is eric ? i'm hoping taylor swift will agree to sing at my wedding .
7 off of the fishy movie	i do not think i've ever seen it . how old are you ?
8 four and two quarters and a penny	lol . that's awesome . i'm so going to use that in a snapchat .
9 what is snapchat ? a barbie ?	social media site . like a cross between facebook messenger and face time .
10 my mom has facebook and it has pictures	it sure does . do you like legos ?
11 yes . what color do you like	i love purple , what is your favorite ?
12 i like red and pink and blue	those are pretty colors as well . i like yellow .
1 partner's persona: i'm here for shoplifting.
2 partner's persona: i'll be released in about a month.
3 partner's persona: my mom is coming to visit me tomorrow.
4 partner's persona: i am currently in a juvenile detention center.
5 partner's persona: i feel old.
6 hello , how are you today ?	exhausted driving my five boys around in the mini van everywhere all day .
7 wow , i am in prison right now	oh no ! what happened ?
8 i was caught shoplifting at walmart	hope you learn from that . i could really use a glass of wine tonight !
9 cool , but i am going to be released in a month	glad to hear it . we could meet for coffee my favorite is pumpkin flavor .
10 me too ! ! ! except i'm in a detention center for juveniles	oh you are very young , i'm a baseball coach . ever think of playing ?
11 i'd love to but i'm old	ok . i'm with a little league . have any hobbies to keep you busy ?
12 yeah i like to count the freckles on my arm	that sounds different . maybe read some good books .
13 i don't have any books though	i could send you some , my boys have many books . where are you located ?
1 partner's persona: i drive a 2015 honda civic.
2 partner's persona: i listen to rap music.
3 partner's persona: i produce music for artists.
4 partner's persona: my pets name is charlie.
5 partner's persona: my favourite food is pizza.
6 hi there . how goes it ?	hey ! ! so i've a house warming party for my new apartment with my buddy tomorrow !
7 that's cool . i hope that you have a great time !	i am just hoping no one brings chicken ! that stuff makes me harf !
8 lol . . . i love chicken . i'll be eating pizza with an artist i represent and my dog charlie .	cool ! so what do you do for a living ? i'm a bartender through college .
9 i produce music for a handful of rap artists . as well as eat a lot of pizza !	just don't eat too much ! i am going to be a nurse . i'd know .
10 to be honest , it is pretty much all i eat . . .	rebel ! you must have a crazy high metabolism .
11 i guess so . i've been 175 pounds for well over 10 years .	geez . i'm 320 . i hate my body . and i eat under 1800 cals a day .
12 what is the saying . . . big is beautiful ?	big is unhealthy . it isn't fun .
13 aww . i'm sure all will turn out well for you .	hopefully i will learn stuff in nursing school .
1 partner's persona: i am terrified of clowns due to childhood trauma.
2 partner's persona: my father keeps trying to set me up on blind dates.
3 partner's persona: i enjoy working with my hands and love gardening.
4 partner's persona: i just got a job working in a gas station.
5 partner's persona: i was adopted at a young age to an older couple.
6 hi there , tell me about yourself	hi my name is katie i was born in 1982 . what about you ?
7 hi katie . i just got a job at a gas station and love gardening	that's awesome ! i love to garden too ! what kind of music do you like ?
8 i prefer rock . how about you ?	i like hip hop , new kids on the block is my favorite .
9 do you like clowns ? they horrify me !	no ! my favorite toy as a kid was lite brite because i was so scared !
10 my father keeps setting me up on blind dates . so frustrating !	that would be frustrating ! have you gone on any ?
11 just one and i was done ! i was adopted when i was young	your father must love you ! how did knowing you were adopted affect you ?
12 i was adopted by an older couple . they love me .	amazing ! do you have any hobbies ?
13 i like working with my hands . woodworking etc . you ?	what is the coolest thing you have ever made ? i like to go to concerts .
1 partner's persona: i think i'll retire in a few years.
2 partner's persona: i'm a librarian.
3 partner's persona: i have visited spain a times.
4 partner's persona: i really like to travel.
5 hello how are you today ?	hi , my husband is old and adopted . i love coloring farms in books .
6 ok that is random . i've never been an artist type	great ! i live on a farm with a dog named trump who watches hockey .
7 i don't care for dogs . i am waiting for retirement	good luck with retirement . my dog trump is a german shepherd .
8 thanks if only retirement will come faster . what do you do for a living ?	actor . i adopted a dog and a husband in the same year .
9 oh acting that sounds fun . sounds like you went through some big life events	i did ! i got rid of my husband and kept the dog .
10 well at least some good came out of it . hope everything is well for you	it is ! we farm and watch hockey where i live . what about you ?
11 i am not a big fan of sports but i do like to travel quite a lot	that's cool ! i color in books to settle my nerves .
1 partner's persona: i grow roses in my garden.
2 partner's persona: i am partly deaf.
3 partner's persona: i love to drink fancy tea.
4 partner's persona: i have a big library at home.
5 hello ! how are you today ?	i'm good but missing having family connections
6 sorry to hear that . i tend to cope with tea .	i like eating papaya when i'm sad
7 i have a library in my house , i like to read books while drinking tea .	when i try to read i say to myself farmer george no time for reading
8 haha . if you ever want to visit me , i've a beautiful rose garden .	my bees would love your roses
9 are you a bee keeper ?	yes i am . would you believe farmer george is married to an italian model ?
10 fantastic ! good for you . that's wonderful	thank you ! what do you do for fun ?
11 i tend my rose garden and read books . i am deaf in one ear	as long as you can hear out of one its all good right ?
12 i make do . what about you ? what do you do for fun ?	well i sure don't talk to my family since they hate me now
13 that's terrible i am sorry . why do they hate you ?	i married magdalena the model and she's the same age as my daughter
14 that's crazy ! how can they hate you if its true love ?	they think i am only with her for her looks
15 very sad . but you love her , right ?	i sure do . we were meant to be
16 true love is the strongest magic . i hope your family can understand someday .	thank you . i hope you are right !
17 i hope so too ! it was nice talking to you	you too ! best wishes to you
1 partner's persona: i dance on the weekends.
2 partner's persona: i hate the color orange.
3 partner's persona: i went to school for chemistry but work in a bookstore.
4 partner's persona: i compete in dog agility classes.
5 partner's persona: i do not care about fashion.
6 i go dancing on the weekends	me too . i love music .
7 the color orange does not suite me at all . what about you ?	i have short blonde hair so it actually works for me
8 that's awesome . i studied chemistry , yet work in a bookstore	i work at a grocery store but i want to be a fashion designer .
9 that is awesome ! ! i have a dog who competes and takes dog agility classes	wow that is impressive . i wish i had a dog
10 yeah we have lots of ribbons . i'm not big on fashion	i live for ruffles and leggings !
11 yeah i do not always wear leggings unless i'm going out in the cold	do you live somewhere cold ?
12 i don't . i'm in new mexico how about you ?	i live in north carolina but i want to live in new york .
13 do you plan on moving to new york ?	maybe someday . maybe i'll be a fitness trainer there .
1 partner's persona: i enjoy working with my hands and love gardening.
2 partner's persona: i'm terrified of clowns due to childhood trauma.
3 partner's persona: my father keeps trying to set me up on blind dates.
4 partner's persona: i just got a job working in a gas station.
5 partner's persona: i was adopted at a young age to an older couple.
6 hello ! how are you tonight ?	hey there , i'm doing pretty well , you ?
7 i am doing great ! i just got a new job . not glorious , but it pays the bills .	i just started my new job two days ago , so same here . nothing i am proud of
8 still , that's great ! what do you do ?	i just started at what a burger , not sure my position yet , only worked two days
9 i have never worked in fast food , but i do love burgers !	fast food , is miserable won't lie . my father wanted me to take over his construction company
10 my parents never owned much , but there was never a shortage of love .	my father couldn't show love , so i grew up with a lot of materialistic items
11 my natural parents could not show love either . i'm adopted , you see .	well , maybe it was more than just lack of love
12 i'm sorry to hear that you grew up like that .	it happens , do you have any hobbies ?
13 yeah , i love getting outside in my garden . what about you ?	i take as much time off as i can to go mountain biking
1 partner's persona: i've three sisters.
2 partner's persona: i've one brother.
3 partner's persona: i love dogs.
4 partner's persona: i live in alabama.
5 how are you doing today	i am alright , living the great retired life . what about you ?
6 i work in an office	that must be interesting . do you need a smartphone for that ? i don't have one .
7 you don't . they provide everything	that doesn't sound too bad . do you know how to sew ?
8 i want to learn but i'm not sure	you should learn ! i can make all of my own clothes .
9 that would save a lot of money	it sure does , and i needed it for my cancer treatments .
10 i'm sorry about that	no worries , it is gone now , and i had the support of my kids and grandkids .
11 it sounds like you have a big family	i sure do . do you have a big family ?
12 i've four siblings and two loving parents	wow , four siblings . that sure is a lot . must have been busy growing up
1 partner's persona: i love social medial especially twitter.
2 partner's persona: i have solar panels on my roof.
3 partner's persona: i spend a lot of time browsing the internet.
4 partner's persona: i buy only organic food products.
5 partner's persona: i am a feminist.
6 hi how are you ? also , what are some of your interests ?	i am well . i am a homebody that spends a lot of time at work .
7 i particularly enjoy browsing the web myself . i also love solar technology !	i have to try to save money . care sales always change . i hate it .
8 i try to save money by eating only organic food . really helps my health !	we eat out a lot . my wife hates cooking and i work so late sometimes
9 i love eating out ! i've a favorite organic cafe i eat at .	when you are forty years old . you do not really care what it is . just eat it
10 that is true . the older you get the less it matters .	yeah , been married for 20 years and can not manage to save a dime from work .
11 i try to save . it is hard sometimes though . i like shoes too much .	you and my wife both . she has a closet full .
12 would you consider yourself a feminist ? i am for sure .	i keep an open mind . everyone works for a living , some manage better than others .
13 i agree with that idea . do you like twitter ? it is my favorite !	i do all my car advertising on facebook . i've not really tried twitter
1 partner's persona: i am a professional wrestler.
2 partner's persona: i enjoy being around people.
3 partner's persona: i volunteer in a homeless shelter.
4 partner's persona: in my spare time i do volunteer work.
5 hi i'm tom i work as a indie wrestler	hi how are you today ? i like to walk .
6 i'm good i like people i volunteer to help local shelters	that is nice of you . i deliver babies so i'm a doctor .
7 oh that's a good profession must make alot of money	it is a comfortable living . i like spending time with family .
8 that's cool i don't have family these days	i am sorry to hear that . we used to go to disneyland together .
9 i've never been there but saw the commercials before	it is alot of fun my favorite character is mickey mouse .
10 i like goofy he's pretty cool	i like him also he's a trip .
11 what do you have planned today ? i've to volunteer again tonight	no alot just spending time with my kids . that is nice to volunteer .
12 oh that's cool i started a new show on netflix	i like to read books also .
1 partner's persona: i've amazing children and grandchildren.
2 partner's persona: i do not have a smartphone.
3 partner's persona: i had cancer but its gone now.
4 partner's persona: i can sew my own clothes.
5 good afternoon how are you doing ?	i am great ! just got in from a long walk .
6 i do that in my spare time it is good excercise	it is . i live french fries and burgers so i need to exercise !
7 lol well that is a good reason	yes , where do you live ?
8 i live in the sunny state of florida surrounded by my huge family	that is so nice ! i just bought a house in tennessee . do you like florida ?
9 yes i love it my children are always around and my grandchildren are always over visiting	that is wonderful . i'm working on being healthier . no soda , just water !
10 water is all i drink because i had medical issues three years ago	well it is good for you . do you have any pets ?
11 yes i've a black lab who is constantly at my side	i'm a huge dog lover ! i've a mutt i adopted from the shelter .
12 awww yeah she's my therapy dog i had cancer three years ago	i'm sorry but glad that you have her !
1 partner's persona: i enjoy sports such as running.
2 partner's persona: i am a vegetarian.
3 partner's persona: i am married.
4 partner's persona: i am a woman.
5 partner's persona: my favorite color is blue.
6 hello ! i just got back from a run . what are you up to today ?	hi ! i am thinking where to go next . i am traveling .
7 that sounds exciting . what about somewhere that has great food ?	that would be france , french food is the best . but i've been there , 5 times .
8 wow that is a lot ! i only travel to go to marathons . i need to try france !	are you an athlete ? i try to stay in shape , too .
9 i would say i'm athletic , yes . however i just run and swim . nothing else	do you like swimming in the ocean ? i do .
10 yes ! i go to the ocean when i do the la marathon each year .	that's nice . i have a yacht , i love sailing it .
11 a yacht ! that's awesome . i am impressed .	thanks . i wish i could say i earned it . no , inherited .
12 have you had it long ? i imagine it was hard to learn how to drive it	about two years . i've a captain , so i do not drive it myself .
13 did the captain come with the yacht ?	no , i had to hire one . the previous one was too old .
1 partner's persona: my favorite food is mexican food.
2 partner's persona: in my free time i like to watch nascar racing and ufc.
3 partner's persona: my favorite band is aerosmith.
4 partner's persona: i'm a construction worker.
5 hi there , how are you	i am good . how are you ?
6 i am pretty good . tell me about yourself ?	well , i love shopping and pampering myself . i go to the spa a lot !
7 sounds like fun . i personally like watching nascar racing and ufc	i do not watch much television , but i love music . britney spears is my favorite .
8 britney spears is good but not my favorite , aerosmith is .	that's cool . what is your favorite food ?
9 mexican food is my favorite , whats yours ?	i like mexican food , but i eat salads a lot to watch my diet .
10 oh ok . whats your occupation	i am a professional model . how about you ?
11 i am a construction worker , do you travel a lot ?	i do . i love traveling to new exotic places .
12 i wish i could travel more , my job does not allow it much	it is fun , but gets tiresome . what else do you enjoy ?
1 partner's persona: i am a vegan.
2 partner's persona: i'll graduate from high school in two years.
3 partner's persona: my bedroom is purple and lime green.
4 partner's persona: i've brown curly hair.
5 hi ! do you like purple and lime ?	they are ok ! blue is better than purple though .
6 unless it is on your hair . mine is brown .	cool ! my hair is sweaty . i just got back from the gym .
7 ugh . when mine gets sweaty , the curls poof out .	my husband loves it when my hair poofs out .
8 i have to use three products to straighten mine .	that's crazy ! i hope there are not any animal products in there .
9 nope . my moms friend uses all vegan products .	wow , that's great . i support that . i am actually vegetarian myself .
10 i have been vegan since seventh grade .	that is so beneficial to the world and your health ! nice work .
11 yes , it is . my principal thinks there is something wrong with me .	forget that . he probably has diabetes from all the burgers he eats .
1 partner's persona: my favorite ice cream flavor is chocolate.
2 partner's persona: i've three children.
3 partner's persona: i'm a plumber.
4 partner's persona: my wife and kids are the best.
5 hello . how are you tonight ? i am doing great .	hi ! just enjoying the sun during vacation . i am at miami beach .
6 i would love to take my wife and kids to the beach .	i'm on a school trip . brought some 4th graders . i'm their teacher .
7 how many 9 year olds do you have with you ? my youngest is 9 .	10 . after a swim , we are going to play monopoly . board games are the best !
8 are you the only adult there ?	my parents are helping , too . they used to teach .
9 so you aren't really on vacation .	later this evening , i'm sneaking away to catch up in concert . my fav !
10 never heard of up . is that a musical group ?	a band . semi vacation . my favorite way to spend vacation is at the beach .
11 with 3 kids , it is great . with 10 , i would not go to great .	i'll do anything to go to the beach ! and i love kids .
12 i love kids too . almost as much as i like chocolate ice cream but not 10 .	oh , yummy ! sounds good right now !
1 partner's persona: i've a pet fish.
2 partner's persona: i like to go hiking in the mornings to see the sunset.
3 partner's persona: my favorite color is orange.
4 partner's persona: i turned 18 years old yesterday.
5 partner's persona: i just broke up with boyfriend two months ago.
6 hello ! i finally turned 18 !	cool do you like pro wrestling or not .
7 i used to watch it with my boyfriend all the time , but we broke up .	well that's to bad , i'm a wrestler my self !
8 that is neat ! i like old hogan because his uniform is my favorite color . . . orange !	cool i like him to . that is why i workout all the time !
9 i have a fish that is orange and i named him hogan too !	speaking of fish i made some yesterday . while volunteering at the homeless shelter .
10 no kidding ? i actually work at a shelter in seattle . do you hike	no ! but i'd like too do so one day .
11 i hike before work in the morning . the morning sun is the best .	you hike before you go to work ? where do you live ?
12 i live in seattle . there are many places to hike .	i should travel more often i really like having people around me .
13 travel up here and we can hike and watch wrestling .	sounds fun . maybe one day !
1 partner's persona: i am a country music singer.
2 partner's persona: i grew up in the industry.
3 partner's persona: i started playing guitar when i was three.
4 partner's persona: my favorite band is rascal flats.
5 hello how are you this fine evening	i'm tired from waitressing all day . you ?
6 i'm pretty tired too	what did you do all day ?
7 i've been singing all day	as your job or as a hobby ?
8 i grew up in the music industry	oh nice . i grew up riding motorbikes with dad and i still do it today
9 i can sing a country song about that	i enjoy country music too
10 name 3 country songs you like	young by kenny chesney is my favorite , also wagon wheel and amazed
11 so you are one of those	one of those smart people who always wears a helmet on my motorcycle ?
12 something like that yeah sure	haha well i've to protect my pretty face and large dark brown eyes
1 partner's persona: i only listen to country music.
2 partner's persona: i have a pet cow.
3 partner's persona: i work my parents farms.
4 partner's persona: i am an electrician.
5 partner's persona: i drive a big truck and live in country.
6 hey , are you a city kinda person or the county type ?	i guess country . i like walking my german shepherd , barnaby on trails .
7 oh awesome , i like to walk my pet cow . we are best friends .	very cool . we had a grey cow when i was a child . i love grey colors .
8 oh that's nifty . do your parents own a farm ?	when i was young . then my dad went to be a nascar driver .
9 oh i watch that every week . my parents were just good ole farms .	right on . i work for the post office . what do you do ?
10 oh i do electrical work .	that's cool . do you enjoy it ?
11 i do but i get to drive my big truck to work . what do you drive ?	i drive a grey ford taurus .
12 oh because you like grey ! haha . do you listen to the radio ?	i do . mostly top 40 and alternative .
13 oh i really like county music .	country music is good also .
1 partner's persona: i like to watch the olympics.
2 partner's persona: i have three dogs.
3 partner's persona: my father was a door to door salesman.
4 partner's persona: i also have a dog walking business.
5 partner's persona: i'm in an open polyamorous relationship.
6 hi how are you this afternoon	very good and how are you doin ?
7 good tired from walking dogs early in the morning !	that's always tiring , have dogs myself
8 oh wow how many ? i've three	wow i've two dogs and one cat
9 cool well if you ever need them walked i've a dog walking business	i will keep that in mind , you have any brothers or sisters
10 no my dad was to busy traveling to give me a sibling	only child , i have 4 siblings one brother three sisters
11 that is a lot i wish i had a sibling . are you guys close ?	yeah mostly especially with my brother
12 do you watch sports together ?	we are from alabama so big roll tide fans
1 partner's persona: i currently work for a watch dealer.
2 partner's persona: my dream car is a rolls royce ghost.
3 partner's persona: my family doesn't support my career choices.
4 partner's persona: i like shopping.
5 hello , i enjoy shopping , especially for cars .	hi , that's nice . i spend my free time gardening and walking outdoors .
6 i like the outdoors . i especially enjoy driving cool cars .	cool . what kind of cars ? i'm a school teacher .
7 i someday hope to own a rolls royce ghost ! what do you teach ?	i teach elementary school . 3rd grade . i also have a dog . do you like dogs ?
8 i do like dogs ! what type of dog do you have ?	i have a golden retriever named sally .
9 i had a babysitter who had a golden retriever that i enjoyed as a child .	they are very nice dogs . i enjoy taking her on walks .
10 i currently work with a watch dealer . maybe you could walk there someday .	maybe so . do you sell watches ?
11 yes , our shop sells watches . i help with repairs .	very nice . maybe i will stop in sometime .
12 i would like to meet you ! do you enjoy shopping ?	i do enjoy shopping , as i think many women do . i must get going now .
13 it was nice talking to you !	nice talking . have a good day .
1 partner's persona: i like donuts.
2 partner's persona: i drive a ford pinto.
3 partner's persona: my favorite band is the insane clown posse.
4 partner's persona: on weekends i do live action roleplaying events.
5 partner's persona: i play a lot of call of duty.
6 hey , i really like driving my ford pinto	nice i am in love with taylor swift
7 i really enjoy donuts ! and playing xbox , call of duty	that's funny , i do not get along with my wife
8 my favorite band is icp , insane clown posse	i am getting married after winter , time for an upgrade
9 awesome , on the weekends i do live action roleplaying events	role playing is fun for everyone right ?
10 yeah it is , what an escape	well i've to stand out right ?
11 yeah you sure did , so cool	i'm kind of a big deal
12 i'm not gonna debate that	i'm the greatest ever
13 hey i do not know about that	well you just do not know yet
1 partner's persona: my favorite kind of movie is a documentary.
2 partner's persona: i am pregnant with my first child.
3 partner's persona: i live with my husband in pennsylvania.
4 partner's persona: i started a new job as a pa three months ago.
5 partner's persona: i read a book every week.
6 hello , do you have a book you recommend ?	i don't like to read .
7 i'm pregnant , and it helps pass the time .	do you play video games ?
8 i don't . my husband does . we had a playstation cake .	that's cool . i play a lot of games
9 i watch movies and work .	how far along are you ?
10 i am six months . i was married eight months ago .	congratulations ! where do you work ?
11 i'm a teacher , i just started this year . what do you do ?	i make jewelry at home and sell it online .
12 very nice ! i also make candles and tincture herbs .	oh that is great ! i love to be creative .
13 i do too . i'm an art teacher .	how fun ! do you like music ?
1 partner's persona: my favorite color is red.
2 partner's persona: my sister is a pole dancer.
3 partner's persona: i enjoy listening to classical music.
4 partner's persona: i can drive a tractor.
5 partner's persona: i'm a christian.
6 i can't believe the news i just got . my sister is a stripper	sounds like my kids ! ha . . stay at home dad here , have to laugh somewhere .
7 we grew up christian so its out of character .	i bet i'm sorry . it is an interesting job choice .
8 what do you do for work ?	i stay home with kids now , prior was in human services .
9 what does human services mean ?	i helped families to learn how to live together basically !
10 my family may need that soon .	oh no . is your life a horror movie ? i love those !
11 no but my favorite color is blood red .	ohhhh yikes ! that can be purchased at home depot . my dad used to work there .
12 i spend a lot of time there getting stuff for my tractor .	do you own a farm ?
1 partner's persona: i walk dogs for a living.
2 partner's persona: i am also a graduate student.
3 partner's persona: i'm an avid kayaker.
4 partner's persona: i enjoy reading journals and guides related to psychology.
5 hello , i hope you have a better job than i do	hi . i'm a little league coach . i've 5 sons and a mini van .
6 five sons ? do they play on your team ?	yes , and therefore i drink a lot of coffee , it is my favorite . what is yours ?
7 cool and coffee is great , as a graduate student i pull tons of all nighters	i like to have wine some nights on occassion as well .
8 i do not enjoy wine but i do enjoy psychology journals	what kind of job do you have ?
9 i walk dogs to pay for college and food	that's not such a bad job . it sounds fun .
10 it is not stable enough and it does not pay enough	but at least you get lots of fresh air .
11 i get enough of that when i go kayaking	ah , yes . i've never kayaked . is it fun ?
12 tons of fun , it is very exciting	very nice . i must go now . have a lovely evening .
1 partner's persona: i play the piano and guitar and sing.
2 partner's persona: my favorite type of music to sing is folk music.
3 partner's persona: i'm a musician and hope to make it big some day.
4 partner's persona: i also work as a custodian to help pay the bills.
5 partner's persona: my parents are not very supportive of my dream.
6 hi . i'm working as a custodian right now to help pay bills .	bonjour , i'm kay . i'm also trying to get out of debt .
7 i play music and hope to make it big some day .	you and me both ! i cannot play , but sing fairly well . i'm looking for a guitarist .
8 i play the guitar ! i also sing and play piano .	you might be my man . or my woman ! i sing oldies . think james taylor .
9 i sing folk music . my parents are not supportive .	i am sorry ! do you play in your garage ? i consider myself also a francophile .
10 i play in small coffee shops .	ok , that will get you some exposure . any paying gigs or crazy fans ?
11 i make a little money , that is why i'm a custodian	bathrooms provide great acoustics ! so do corridors !
12 i will keep that in mind .	i have been there . also sang french and spanish songs on a street corner .
13 i love hearing spanish songs too .	i love the spanish songs that josh groban sings .
1 partner's persona: i dance on the weekends.
2 partner's persona: i compete in dog agility classes.
3 partner's persona: i don't care about fashion.
4 partner's persona: i went to school for chemistry but work in a bookstore.
5 hi , want to get to know each other ?	hey , george here . lets be friends
6 hi george , i'm regina . do you enjoy dance ?	i do enjoy it , as a bee farmer
7 that is a cool job . i work for a cute little bookstore	awesome . i really like papaya , my favorite food
8 that is an interesting choice . i'd have to pick french fries	i've zero family that i'm close to , lets be fam
9 sure . i could always use a new family member . do you like dogs ?	awesome . i love dogs they're the best
10 great ! i compete with show dogs	awesome , well with dogs you can not go wrong
11 its a lot of work but fun too . what do you do for fun ?	i play shows , record music , and read
12 wow . that's a lot . what kind of music	its like radiohead , or slower rock
1 partner's persona: my cats are very special to me.
2 partner's persona: i have 5cats.
3 partner's persona: i am a construction worker.
4 partner's persona: my dad taught me everything i know.
5 partner's persona: i enjoy building houses.
6 hello . how are you today ?	i'm a geek , because i love programming study for it now
7 i'm a construction worker . i do not know much about computers	i'm doing good , and you ? i also teach swimming locally
8 that must be interesting . i don't have time outside of house building to do much	that is fine , do you like death metal music ?
9 no , not really . i am more into stuff from the eighties .	i see , i am from india and you ?
10 ohio . pretty boring , really . just me and my 5 cats . do you have pets ?	do you like eighties music ? i love it .
11 yep . absolutely . great stuff . bon jovi , poison , journey . . . all the hair bands	no , i had a dog and a turtle in the past
12 that's cool . why don't you have pets now ?	yeah , i love those bands , you like hard stuff ?
13 like metallica ? they are definitely cool .	i don't want to talk about my pets
1 partner's persona: i will be released in about a month.
2 partner's persona: i am here for shoplifting.
3 partner's persona: i feel old.
4 partner's persona: my mom is coming to visit me tomorrow.
5 i get to see my mom tomorrow , i got into trouble	what happened to you ? why ?
6 i am not sure but i get to leave in 30 days	why do you get to leave
7 because i will have served my time . i have old , sticky fingers	are you passing away or something
8 no , i am in jail . was trying not to say it outright	what did you do to get in there
9 i stole a pack of gum , this time atleast .	what did you do last time
10 i hijacked an elephant from a travelling circus	why did you do that
11 well , to be honest . . . . i was drunk	that must have been embarrassing
12 i couldn't tell you , i blacked out .	i am sorry about that
1 partner's persona: i love cooking but i also enjoy fishing.
2 partner's persona: l also love comic books.
3 partner's persona: if i'm not cooking in the kitchen then i'm definitely on the water.
4 partner's persona: spiderman is my favorite.
5 hi i love cooking and fishing ! and reading comic books	oh , i just like gardening .
6 if i am not in the kitchen , i am on my boat in the water	that is cool , i got a job just now in a gas station
7 cool , i got a spiderman comic at a gas station	i had a spiderman comic as a kid . my adopted parents gave it to me .
8 spiderman and gas stations rule	clowns do not though , they scare me .
9 yeah do your old parents scare you ?	no , but my dad keeps setting me up on blind dates .
10 or does the clown trauma scare you from being a kid ?	i did have a traumatic experience about that .
11 yeah ? wow crazy , hope it gets better	yeah , until then , keep those clowns away from me .
12 how are you this evening ?	i'm doing good how are you ?
1 partner's persona: i donate a part of my salary to charity each month.
2 partner's persona: my favorite color is navy blue.
3 partner's persona: i work fulltime in a shipyard.
4 partner's persona: i volunteer my time with a local bunny rescue.
5 partner's persona: i am ex military.
6 hi , how are you today ?	i am well thank you . i got brand new job today ! i am a life coach
7 wow that's great , i use to be in the military .	wow , i love our soldiers . thank you for serving our the country !
8 i donate half of my check to different veteran charities .	how nice ! that's a wonderful cause .
9 i also like to help out at my local pet rescue , i like like bunnies .	animals are wonderful . as a cancer survivor , my cat was always near me .
10 my love the color blue , what is your favorite color ?	i love green . i just bought some green shorts to wear to a marathon .
11 i like navy blue best of all the colors .	blue is nice . i wear blue sweats when i run . i love running , strengthens me .
12 i work in a shipyard , that how i get my workout in .	nice ! my parents are both very athletic . they encouraged me to stay fit .
1 partner's persona: i've solar panels on my roof.
2 partner's persona: i buy only organic food products.
3 partner's persona: i'm a feminist.
4 partner's persona: i love social medial especially twitter.
5 partner's persona: i spend a lot of time browsing the internet.
6 hi my name is darlene how are you ?	hi good thank you . i am wanda , age 60
7 i'm 43 and try to buy only organic products	that's very good . i work in a library . how about you ?
8 i work online in data entry , and i am a strong feminist .	good for you ! i love traveling . . . do you like to travel ?
9 i do , but mostly i love to surf the internet , i am an avid twitter user .	twitter is fun , yes . ever been to spain ? i've .
10 no never , would love to , i recently had solar panels installed on my roof .	that's a good thing to do . do they work well ?
11 so far , they are new to me so we will see . married or kids ?	no , neither . i'll probably retire in several years , so probably will be lonely
12 that's sad , are you looking ? i'm single but looking .	kind of . . . but i'm 60 , so i do not know how realistic it is
13 never to late , you are a catch ! look at it that way !	aw you are nice . . . i like your way of thinking
1 partner's persona: i enjoy american sports.
2 partner's persona: i own a house in florida.
3 partner's persona: i've a children and a dogs.
4 partner's persona: i am a male.
5 partner's persona: i work in it and have been at the same company for 15 years.
6 hello , how is your day going ?	awesome ! my parents are taking me to disney world again this year . every year !
7 that sounds wonderful ! maybe i'll take my children there too	do you let your kids play on the playground ? i do that . it is fun !
8 yes , my dogs like to play with them on the playground .	that's so cool ! mr morris , my third grade teacher , we have a class dog !
9 that sounds amazing ! i thought about becoming a teacher . i settled for it work .	when i grow up , i want to sing the songs that i love from frozen .
10 why not sing them now ? time passes quickly .	i want to be famous , like mickey mouse . he is my favorite . i love disney !
11 i live near disney world in florida , in fact i own a house there .	do you sing songs from the frozen movie ?
12 no , i just watch the american sports that i enjoy .	my parents said that karate is a sport . i take karate .
1 partner's persona: my husband is adopted.
2 partner's persona: i live is a rural farming community.
3 partner's persona: i have a german shepherd dog.
4 partner's persona: i enjoy coloring books.
5 what do you like to do ?	visit spain in my free time when not working as a librarian . you ?
6 small world ! my husband who is adopted is orginally from spain !	how wonderful ! i may move there in a few years when i retire .
7 that would be great . as a librarian , do you like adult coloring books ? i love those !	yes ! i'm in a group for planning and stickers which seems silly at 60 .
8 fun ! i love the coloring books but they often get nibbled on by my german shepherd !	aw ! what else do you like to do ?
9 we live on a farm . being in a rural community means we work hard then relax !	i love it ! we have an old farmhouse but only have cats .
10 my dog would enjoy your cats . he is old and too tired to chase anymore .	he sounds like a sweetheart .
11 yes and he loves being on the farm . what else do you enjoy ?	watching the grand kids grow up , hot teas , holidays . you name it !
12 that sounds perfect and so relaxing !	it is ! i love this life .
1 partner's persona: i play with my friends on the playground.
2 partner's persona: i love to go to disney world every year.
3 partner's persona: mickey mouse is my favorite character.
4 partner's persona: i am in the third grade.
5 do you want to go the the playground with me ?	hi ! just finished my mega dose of twitter today . how about you ?
6 my parents will not let me on twitter . maybe when i am in 5th grade .	no can do on the playground . too busy surfing the net all the time !
7 you surf ? what a cool kid . i want to surf with mickey mouse .	are you male or female ? women rule the world , you know !
8 yay ! i am a girl . will you go to disney world with me ?	no mickey mouse here he is a he ! besides , gotta pay for my solar panels .
9 are the panels on your house ?	roof . make sure at disney you only eat organic . that is the way to go !
10 when i'm old enough to shop for myself , i will .	good . only buy organic , because its good for you .
11 i will remember that . i should get back to the playground now .	have fun ! and stay safe out there .
12 i will . you can come if you want to . i have lots of friends .	i will think about it . but i have a feminist march to attend later .
1 partner's persona: i can drive a tractor.
2 partner's persona: my sister is a pole dancer.
3 partner's persona: my favorite color is red.
4 partner's persona: i am a christian.
5 partner's persona: i enjoy listening to classical music.
6 how are you doing today	i'm doing good , how about you ?
7 i'm great just listening to music	cool , what is your favorite type of music ? mine is country
8 classical and light jazz . country isn't bad	that's cool , classical is nice at times . what are your hobbies ?
9 i like to work on the farm	what animals do you have ? i enjoy working on vintage cars ; i won two mustangs
10 i've horses and cows	awesome ! i own 2 dogs , love them
11 what are their names ? i name my animals .	precious and sammie . what are the names of your animals ?
12 i've twenty of them	oh wow ! twenty ! that's a lot !
13 yeah it is a lot to keep track of	i love animals , always have . they are amazing
1 partner's persona: i can move objects with my mind.
2 partner's persona: i had to have a transplant.
3 partner's persona: i was born with my heart outside my body.
4 partner's persona: i'm a boy.
5 partner's persona: since the surgery i've had strange powers.
6 hi ! want to know a secret ?	hi good morning , of course what is the secret
7 i had surgery last week and now i think of an object , and it moves !	oh wow you are like a super hero , i just want to be a dog
8 i love dogs ! what kind of dog ?	i want to be a yorkie . . . i like chocolate candy too yummy
9 are you a boy like me ?	i am a girl and i like playing with my blocks they are so colorful
10 i like legos too , they have them here in the hospital .	oh wow they are so much fun i want a lot of legos when i turn 5
11 they even make them in pink and purple . i like them a lot myself .	i love that , i want to play blocks and sing
12 do you watch cartoons or mickey mouse ?	i like paw patrol because i want to be a dog
13 my sister and brother love that show as well , they like chase and marshal .	i like marshal he's awesome , adults never understand what i am saying lol
1 partner's persona: i'm married.
2 partner's persona: i'm a woman.
3 partner's persona: my favorite color is blue.
4 partner's persona: i am a vegetarian.
5 partner's persona: i enjoy sports such as running.
6 hi there ! i'm eating tofu while running around the park .	hi . that's an interesting combo ! i love cars .
7 awesome , my husband has a blue car . that's my favorite color .	that's neat . where do you work ? i have a great work at home job .
8 i work for the vegetarians with vaginas organization .	that's cool ! i go to the gym a lot with my girl friends . they are great !
9 i run a lot . no time for the gym . i'm a very busy woman .	i'm lazy though sometimes . i love binge watching tv .
10 i just got finished watching narcos . pablo is a beautiful man .	i love narcos ! better call saul is a favorite of mine as well !
11 sometimes i chew up meat but spit it out . am i still vegetarian ?	lol ! i guess you could be . i'm not sure that all would agree though .
12 i cannot let my coworkers find out . they will burn me at the stake .	they should be more understanding . my boyfriend and his girlfriend are sometimes really judgemental about food .
13 sometimes i punch my sisters cat . oh , are you polygamist ?	i'm . it is interesting . honestly that's horrible ! that poor cat .
14 yolo , you know what i mean ?	but . . . . . the poor cat .
1 partner's persona: i like to dance.
2 partner's persona: i was born in somalia.
3 partner's persona: now i live in the united states.
4 partner's persona: my aunt helped me escape when i was of.
5 partner's persona: i was forced to marry when i was a.
6 hello , how are you tonight ?	very late night here . i am good . how are you ?
7 i'm doing well , thank you . i love to dance , now that i'm out of danger .	dance is medicine . painting used to be mine . what danger were you in ?
8 i was in a refuge camp in somalia , my aunt rescued my sister and i .	i'm so sorry , but so glad you were both rescued and are safe .
9 thank you , i was forced into marriage , but that stopped before it started .	as a woman and a mother of two , i'm so sorry , but glad that stopped . too .
10 i love the us . you are so lucky to have been born here .	i do not take it for granted .
11 my favorite thing ? all of the different stores . the freedom .	i am happy for you that you get to enjoy what you deserve .
12 thank you . also , the food is amazing . fries are the best thing ever .	have you tried fries with melted cheese ? !
13 yes , and those with the gravy and cheese crumbles , curds ?	comfort food if ever there was one !
1 partner's persona: i feel old.
2 partner's persona: i am here for shoplifting.
3 partner's persona: i am currently in a juvenile detention center.
4 partner's persona: my mom is coming to visit me tomorrow.
5 hi , i feel sold , in a juvenile detention for shoplifting	that is to bad , where is your family
6 my mom is here though , visiting . jamaica mane	what do you do to pass the time
7 mom is coming tomorrow to visit i meant	do you get to go to school
8 i talk to the squirrels who call me a nut	very funny , do you get to read , i find it relaxing
9 yeah school of hard knocks	do you get to exercise
10 yeah i read lots of things , mostly newspapers on turtles	what are you going to do when you get out
11 yeah , i play basketball a lot	i like to walk , at least 3 miles
12 i am going to head to the clothing store and buy instead of steal	that sounds like a good idea
1 partner's persona: i like to listen to rock music while working.
2 partner's persona: my father is a farmer.
3 partner's persona: i help tend the fields.
4 partner's persona: i have three arabian horses.
5 partner's persona: i like to ride horses.
6 howdy , haw are you this morning ?	i am cool thanks . you ?
7 i'm alright , just taking a break . spent the morning working in the fields with dad .	nice , i live with my folks too . only in grade 10 here .
8 aww just a young one . what do you like to do ?	study biology and practice running long distances . how about you ?
9 well i mostly enjoy riding my horses , but also listening to music while i work .	that's the best . i do that whilst i do homework . my grades rule !
10 that's awesome ! good job . what kind of music do you like ?	rock music , it is good to work out too . i want to train people .
11 that's what kind i like too ! training people ? anything like training horses ?	physical therapy , helping the injured and disabled . it is my calling .
12 well that is a very noble profession . helping people is good . that is why we grow food .	food is important , health is too . you are a farmer ?
13 yes i'm , just like my daddy .	very cool . i will run a marathon someday , like my father did .
1 partner's persona: i volunteer in a homeless shelter.
2 partner's persona: i am a professional wrestler.
3 partner's persona: in my spare time i do volunteer work.
4 partner's persona: i like to workout a a times a week.
5 partner's persona: i enjoy being around people.
6 hello there , how are you ?	healthy for a 40 year old car salesman .
7 that's interesting as i'm a pro wrestler	wrestler ! wow you must be fit and healthy .
8 i workout a few times every week	financially , i can not afford a gym . the money gets spent by my wife .
9 i know the struggle , i volunteer at a homeless shelter	great , i hope you do not get to see me there .
10 i hope not either , wouldn't wish it on my worse enemy	between wife , job with no money , i'm thinking now of divorce .
11 i have given it a few thoughts before	do you give demonstrations of your skills ?
12 of course , i love doing demonstrations in public	wrestlers and actors are in same category , i think .
1 partner's persona: i love listening to britney spears.
2 partner's persona: i love spending money.
3 partner's persona: i diet a lot.
4 partner's persona: i am high maintenance.
5 hi , how are you this evening ?	i am well , i just finished rehearsal . i sing country !
6 interesting ! i'm a big britney fan , she had a country album	i know ! sadly , only people who are in the industry for a long time know that .
7 true , so what are some of your hobbies or interests besides country ?	i like to play guitar and explore national parks !
8 me personally , i enjoy spending some expendable cash , and trying new diets	what kind of diets have you tried ?
9 lately mostly low sodium keto ones , hate to admit i'm on the high maintenance side	that's alright , as long as you are passionate with what you like !
10 totally ! any interesting quirks you have ?	i like rascal flats , they're my favorite band .
11 i honestly don't know too much about country music	they sang life is a highway in the movie cars !
12 i have never seen any of the pixar cars movies , a bit after my time	i see , what are some of your favorite movies ?
1 partner's persona: i take dance lessons once a week.
2 partner's persona: my favorite toy as a child as my lite brite.
3 partner's persona: i love new kids on the block.
4 partner's persona: i was born in the early 80 s.
5 i just got back from my salsa dance lessons	that sounds like a really fun time . i was just meditating
6 that's so relaxing . my lite brite patterns are relaxing too	i am buddhist , my spiritual journey relaxes me
7 cool beans . i am a 1980 kid and love new kids on the block	i quit my job to devote more time to my spiritual journey
8 that is cool . maybe one day i'll be good enough to teach dance	i haven't spoken a single word in three months , this is the only way i communicate
9 that must be hard . i'd be talking to my lite brite !	it is easy being in alaska , there aren't many people around
10 good point . can you see the northern lights there ?	you can , i do enjoy meditating under them
11 i dream of the northern lights when i play lite brite	that sounds like a spiritual experience to me
1 partner's persona: i'm a gold medalist olympian.
2 partner's persona: i workout four hours a day.
3 partner's persona: my favorite color is yellow.
4 partner's persona: gymnastics is my favorite sport.
5 partner's persona: i love italian food and garlic bread.
6 hi what are you up to today ?	hi i am eating shawarma for lunch ! its my favorite
7 cool i'm eating pasta and garlic bread . my favorite	that sounds good too . what do yo do for a living
8 well i won gold medal in the olympics so i work out a lot	wow a gold medal that's great . i'm a in the canadian army
9 awesome what kind of sports do you like ?	i really like american football . i am a steelers fan
10 awe i'm more into gymnastics	that is cool . what event did you win the medal in
11 gymnastics . how do you spend your days ?	when i am not working i am exercising and spending time with family
12 cool i workout about 4 hours a day so that's the center of my life	i use to workout like that but i became unhealthy from it
13 how did it make you unhealthy ?	i didn't eat enough to handle my workout so burnt more than i ate
1 partner's persona: i'm a 12 year old girl.
2 partner's persona: i love to play pobox.
3 partner's persona: i have blue eyes and red hair that comes to my waist.
4 partner's persona: i do not have many friends.
5 partner's persona: i hate school.
6 good evening , how are you ?	i'm doing well . how are you ?
7 i am not doing so good .	what is wrong ? my wife is a doctor if you need help .
8 for starters i cant stand school i hate it so much	oh , are you still in high school ?
9 no i'm in grammer school and i'm only 12	i hated school too but i became a professional tennis player .
10 a professional tennis player . did you have friends in school	oh , so it is the people , not the academia , that you are having a problem with ?
11 i don't have friends because they think i am too smart	oh , wow . i wish i had that problem when i was in school .
12 they also do not like me because i've red hair and blue eyes	why ? redheads are beautiful ! we keep on having red haired babies !
13 thank you but they don't like me much i don't know why	i had problems in school . when you get older it does not matter .
14 thank you for the encouragement	now i own a three storey house with the love of my life , our babies , and my dog .
15 i wanna be like you some day .	you will . probably better . just keep working hard and do not listen to them !
1 partner's persona: my favorite band is the who.
2 partner's persona: i've never been out of ohio.
3 partner's persona: my favorite food is pizza with black olives.
4 partner's persona: i've a cat named spook.
5 hey there , how are you ?	hey ! good , how are you ?
6 a little tired , but haven't done much , you ?	how old are you ?
7 19 , you ? where you from	40 from ny , how about you ?
8 dead center of ohio , not much to do here	i hear ya on that . what do you do for a living ?
9 i work at a fast food place temporarily	oh cool . i sell cars , really dislike it . not much money to show for it either
10 really ? you would think you would get good comission	i do but my wife takes it all unfortunately
11 well , kind of what wives are for ,	i will be leaving her soon . are you in college ?
12 taking some time off , i had a plan and i cant follow through	i'm sorry but do not worry
1 partner's persona: i have visited spain a times.
2 partner's persona: i am 60years old.
3 partner's persona: i am a librarian.
4 partner's persona: i think i'll retire in a few years.
5 hello i'm 60 years old	hi ! i just sat down to listen to some classical music .
6 i love classical music as a librarian its my favorite	being a christian i also like christian rock . do you like to read ?
7 i love to read , i've been to spain and while there i read more than ever	never been there . i love to ride on my tractor . i love the outdoors .
8 i will be retiring in a few years , do you like camping ?	i do ! i am very different from my sister . she's a pole dancer in a club .
9 that is a big difference . when you camp , how do you cook ?	with a campfire and cast iron pans .
10 i will love relaxing in nature .	i just purchased a beautiful red sweater . red is my absolute favorite color .
11 that is perfect for the holidays . i love to sew sweaters and hoodies .	i love to crochet ! it is time to start thinking about the holidays !
12 yes , i sometimes use a loom for crochet too .	i never used a loom but will have to try sometime .
1 partner's persona: i love eating out with friends.
2 partner's persona: i work at a school as a kindergarten teacher.
3 partner's persona: i am 24 years old.
4 partner's persona: i'm getting married in the spring.
5 good morning ! how are you ?	hello ! i am lonely . how about you ?
6 i'm good . i'm sad to hear that you are lonely . why is this ?	i'm the only one with superpowers . others do not understand me .
7 are you allowed to tell me what your superpower is ?	i can make time stop . have you ever wished for this before ?
8 i've never wished for this before . why do you do it ?	i like to because although i'm a small girl it shows my powers .
9 i'm getting married this spring and need to plan a wedding . can you help stop time ?	i can . does getting married mean you do not feel lonely ?
10 i am not lonely . i've a lot of things to accomplish before the big day .	what else do you need to accomplish ?
11 invitations , catering , photographer , venue , plus i'm a kindergarten teacher and need to create curriculum .	that sounds very exciting and busy !
12 how old are you ? i'm 24 .	i'm still very young .
1 partner's persona: i currently work for a watch dealer.
2 partner's persona: my dream car is a rolls royce ghost.
3 partner's persona: i like shopping.
4 partner's persona: i often shop for shoes and watches.
5 hello how are you this afternoon	well , i've really short hair and it is blonde . how about yourself ?
6 really sounds kind of cute though lol	it is freezing outside , i enjoy wearing skinny jeans and leggings . and you ?
7 i am often gunning for new shoes lol	oh wow , me too . my favorite shirts are flannel ruffle sleeves and any nirvana band shirt .
8 really that is sick love them , can we talk rolls royce for a second	sure , i've super computer that i enjoy playing video games and listening to music on .
9 k but that rolls royce ghost tho am i right	of course , it is the wallpaper for my computer
10 dang get me yo feels me ?	yes . what music do you listen when driving your rolls royce ?
11 i listen to john denver cuz we rocky mountain high	i love listening to dolly parton , with the top down so everyone can listen as well .
12 don't say the tops down say the boobies are out	in my online role play game i always run around streaking , so all can watch and admire .
1 partner's persona: i like to go hiking in the mornings to see the sunset.
2 partner's persona: i've a pet fish.
3 partner's persona: i turned 18 years old yesterday.
4 partner's persona: my favorite color is orange.
5 partner's persona: i just broke up with boyfriend two months ago.
6 good morning ! did you see the sunset last night ? it was beautiful	i'm only 4 years old . how old are you ?
7 i just turned 18 yesterday ! it was a tough birthday though	really why ? my birthdays are great !
8 my boyfriend and i just broke up a couple months ago . i miss him	that is sad . just get anew one . that is what i do when i loss a doll .
9 at least i still have my pet fish ! do you have any pets	yes i've a turtle . i love him .
10 what is your turtles name ?	snaps he is a snapper . whats your fishes name ?
11 his name is bob . i would like to have a dog to go hiking with	my friend who lives next to me has a dog .
12 what is your favorite color ?	blue . me and my best friend play dolls a lot . what do you do ?
13 i go to school . do you have a favorite doll ?	yes her name is mel . do you have a favorite class ?
1 partner's persona: my father is in the army.
2 partner's persona: i recently was fired and had to get a new job.
3 partner's persona: i love playing softball.
4 partner's persona: my mom passed away when i was young.
5 good evening friend , hows it hangin	hey there ! i just got back from one of my dog agility classes .
6 yeah ? how did that go and what the heck is it ?	it went great . my dog did awesome . what do you do ?
7 but what is dog agility class ? is that yoga for dogs ? i bake bread at bakery	the obstacle course for dogs . i compete with larry my border collie .
8 i get it . i worked at petsmart for two years and then i got canned	ah too bad ! i work at a barnes and noble . chemistry grad .
9 my mom had a chemistry degree she died from leukemia two years after i was born	oh man . that is terrible . you grew up with no mom .
10 docs said it was radiation poisoning . something she was working on	wow . bad luck . do you dance by any chance . weekends i do .
11 some kind of military creepy thing . nah i don't dance are you kidding me ? my dad does !	i never dress up . always casual . fashion isn't important to me . how about you ?
12 whatever do not really care i like perfume though if its subtle	well , it has been different chatting with you tonight . so long .
1 partner's persona: i am an animal activist.
2 partner's persona: my age is too old to say.
3 partner's persona: i have rainbow hair.
4 partner's persona: the holidays make me depressed.
5 partner's persona: i spend my time bird watching with my cats.
6 hi there ! sitting on the porch with my kitty .	i am wishing i could go out with my friends but mom and dad will not let me
7 awww ! i am sorry ! where do you want to go ?	i want to move out so i can have fun with my friends whenever i want
8 i like to have fun with my furry friends .	like your pets ? or are you a furry who dresses up ?
9 animals . and i love to watch birds with my kitty .	when i have extra time i work at burger king . its kind of gross
10 yuck ! animals for food ! phooey !	oh are you a vegetarian or vegan ?
11 i'm into animal rights , so of course i'm !	i'm more focused on my friends . i don't drink or smoke like they do though
12 well , i am older than the hills ! but i have colorful hair !	i am only 19 but definitely ready to move out on my own
13 be careful what you wish for . holidays are coming , and i get blue .	why do you get blue around the holidays ?
1 partner's persona: i have an internet addiction and spend a lot of time playing roleplaying games.
2 partner's persona: i dye my hair every three months.
3 partner's persona: i faint at the sight of blood.
4 partner's persona: i went to school to be a veterinarian but hated it.
5 partner's persona: my dream in life is to work from home.
6 hi , how are you today ?	good , just got home from a run , its my favorite thing to do .
7 that sounds exhilarating , i rarely leave the house , i love playing online	my parents got me into running , they are very fit and trim
8 i think i'm addicted to the internet , i play rpgs all the time	i'm online some but like to be outside prepping for my marathons
9 i started out going to vet school but due to my fear of blood i dropped out	i just started as a life coach , i could help you get motivated
10 that would be great , i really need to get myself together	do you like to cook ? i do so i can eat clean , its important .
11 i usually eat frozen meals .	frozen food is bad , full of nitrates .
12 i know but it is easy , fast and cheap	clean eating is the way to go , you heard it from your personal life coach !
13 i'll try to make some diet changes , i think you may be on the right track	be positive , you can can do it . do you like walking outside ?
1 partner's persona: i like to play with my dolls.
2 partner's persona: i am four.
3 partner's persona: i don't pick up my toys.
4 partner's persona: my best friend lives next door.
5 partner's persona: i have a pet turtle.
6 hello , my name is stephanie and i'm a little girl , who are you ?	my name is eduardo and i'm thirteen
7 i love playing with my dolls specifically because i like ripping their heads off .	that is not ok , my older brother used to do that
8 it isn't ok but it is fun , especially after you throw the heads at a fan	wow lol ! stick to sports ! i play soccer !
9 i'd love to play soccer , but i fall everytime i try to kick the ball	that's not good ! practice your balance !
10 maybe i get my pet turtle to play soccer instead of clumsy me lol	lol that would be really funny to watch
11 my pet turtle would do better than me playing soccer so yes lol	lol , what is his or her name ?
12 her name is shi nae nae , do you own one ?	no i just own a giraffe his name is earl
13 and my other turtle name is water melon drea	interesting names ! how did you come up with those ?
1 partner's persona: i also study languages.
2 partner's persona: my next language to study is french.
3 partner's persona: one of the languages that i am currently studying is spanish.
4 partner's persona: my favorite spanish word is trabajo.
5 i love to read . i taking spanish and french and i'm good cook .	hi i love to eat donuts while driving in my ford pinto .
6 great ! trabajo means to work and is my fave spanish word . you speak spanish or french .	yes spanish do you play games ? i like call of duty
7 yes i play mario brothers . do you know how to say where are you in spanish ?	no , but i roll play on the weekends
8 oh wow ! what color is your pinto ? wee means yes in french .	brown with pink dots , do you got a favorite band ?
9 aerosmith ! i've the call of duty game for my console but it is in spanish .	my favorite band is insane clown posses .
10 rose is spanish for the word pink . did you know that ?	no what is donut in spanish ?
11 i have no clue but it would not translate here anyway .	haha to funny . i once ate 12 donuts didn't feel great .
12 wow ! what did you wash them down with ?	soda and candy was playing call of duty heavy .
1 partner's persona: i don't drink soda.
2 partner's persona: i like to take walks.
3 partner's persona: i live in a house.
4 partner's persona: i like to eat hamburgers and french fries.
5 hey how are y o u ?	i'm good how are you doing
6 great just took a power walk	that is always nice are you in school
7 nope , are y o u ?	yeah i am graduating high school this year
8 cool , are you going to college after ?	yeah i want to go into physical therapy
9 that is a good field to be in	yeah what do you do for a living
10 that's a good field to be in	what do you do for a living
11 i own a few fast food restaurants	that is cool do you like it
12 yes . i am always eating the burgers and fries lol	lol the perks of the job
1 partner's persona: i like to play chess.
2 partner's persona: i am in my thirties.
3 partner's persona: i'm single and with two dogs.
4 partner's persona: i love taking bubble baths.
5 hello , i love chess . do you play ?	yes , i have played chess in the past .
6 what else do you enjoy ?	i love animals , how about you ?
7 i've two dogs actually . do you have any pets ?	not at the current , moment .
8 i just live with my dogs . how about you ?	i live with any animals .
9 i love my dogs . sometimes i take baths with them haha	i do not live with any animals .
10 that is too bad , you should get a pet they're great	maybe in the future , i've to think about it .
11 sometimes i wish my doggies could play chess haha	chess is a tough game to play .
1 partner's persona: i've an allergy to water.
2 partner's persona: i am a recluse.
3 partner's persona: i am working on a building a robot to be my body double.
4 partner's persona: i am a famous twitch streamer.
5 partner's persona: i helped design the game starcraft.
6 hello how are you today ?	hi i'm well , what is your favorite food ?
7 tacos i cant drink water because i've an allergy	oh wow i've never heard that before . i eat kosher only
8 well what do you do for fun ?	i have taken a second job as a stunt double , it is fun !
9 i have a robot that acts as my stunt robot but its not reald yet	i like robots a lot ! i just read about one in a book
10 yes i got the idea to make one from a game i helped design starcraft	oh cool ! i just finished my twentieth book this year !
11 good for you ! i am quite famous for being a twitch streamer	i've watched many streams when i lived with my dad
12 i am also a recluse	oh i am sorry about that , i only had one parent
13 i'm ok with it .	well we could go to the movies if you like
1 partner's persona: i work as a school teacher.
2 partner's persona: i attend church every week.
3 partner's persona: i'm a woman.
4 partner's persona: i have a dogs.
5 partner's persona: i enjoy gardening and walking outdoors.
6 hi , how are you today ?	i'm good , i just made a huge pot of paella . how are you ?
7 i'm great , do you use fresh garden veggies , i love fresh veggies	i love fresh veggies ! although , i'm a sucker for a good fish and chips !
8 fish ! that sounds like a pet , do you have any pets , i've a dog , a weimaraner	i'm in college , i cannot keep a pet . do you like to travel much ?
9 i do not travel much , i teach so my only time off is in the summer	i understand . i'm an art major , so i live for the summer .
10 how are your weekends , i spend sunday at church .	weekends , i am usually busy with school . on my long breaks though , i visit europe .
11 europe is beautiful , i couldn't live there though i hear women do not shave .	most women do shave . my favorite country to visit is italy . what is yours ?
12 australia , the ocean there is beautiful .	i've never been there . perhaps some day . do you travel alone ?
13 no i travel with my family , do you enjoy outdoor activities , i love to just walk .	i enjoy sailing very much , i'm related to columbus , so its in my blood .
1 partner's persona: i'm in an open polyamorous relationship.
2 partner's persona: i also have a dog walking business.
3 partner's persona: i like to watch the olympics.
4 partner's persona: i've three dogs.
5 partner's persona: my father was a door to door salesman.
6 hi how are you doing	how are you doing today
7 i'm good walking my dogs	how many dogs do you have
8 i've three do you have pets	i've one dog and a cat
9 that is cool are you in a relationship	yes . my husband and i just had our first kid .
10 that's so cute girl or boy	we had a boy named taylor
11 awww that's nice what do you do for a living	i work in a vegan restaurant
12 that's nice i've a dog walking company	that would be really great
13 yeah i love being with animals	do you have a large family
1 partner's persona: i am in college to become a nurse.
2 partner's persona: i work at a bar at night to pay for college.
3 partner's persona: i don't like chicken.
4 partner's persona: i recently got an apartment with my best friend.
5 partner's persona: i've blonde hair and blue eyes.
6 hi , how are you doing tonight ?	doing dandy . what are you doing right now ?
7 i just got off work . what are you doing ?	just baking some cookies for a light night snack ! i love baking cookies !
8 that sounds good . my roommate and i just made left overs !	oh wow , my doge just came onto my lap .
9 what kind of dog do you have ?	a shiba . his name is gabriel .
10 that is fun ! i'm getting a dog next spring .	that is pretty cool . what do you do as a hobby ?
11 i'm currently in school to become a nurse .	ahhh . well , i love to knit , my grandma had taught me to knit since i was little !
12 that is a great hobby . what do you do for a job ?	well , when i have spare time , i always help out at the county wide bake sale .
13 i wish i knew how to bake . i can cook soup well .	same , i try to present the cookies i can to the sale .
1 partner's persona: i now live in the city.
2 partner's persona: i am a recovering alcoholic.
3 partner's persona: i grew up on a farm.
4 partner's persona: i take many medications and some of them make me see things.
5 hi how are you today	hey lets get to know each other
6 sounds good , i live in nyc but grew up on farm	i survived a battle with cancer
7 glad you survived ! that must have been awful	it was not that bad
8 do you still have take meds ? my meds give me awful side effects	yes i get high off chemotherapy
9 i am recovering alcoholic so meds are hard for me	i am a eater who is clean
10 life was easier on the farm	i completely agree with you there
11 big city life to overwhelming too much pressure	i love to run and participate in marathons
12 awesome ! i wish i was that healthy	its a must . got to keep the cancer away
1 partner's persona: i spend my time bird watching with my cats.
2 partner's persona: the holidays make me depressed.
3 partner's persona: i am an animal activist.
4 partner's persona: i've rainbow hair.
5 partner's persona: my age is too old to say.
6 hi , do you have any hobbies ? i spend my time fighting animal causes	no , i have a real job and a 2011 degree from yale
7 wow impressive . not sure you would be impressed with my rainbow coloured hair	hey , i never said that ! i am from manhattan , i am used to that .
8 we could get on then ! you must be quite young ?	yes , i graduated from yale at the age on 9 .
9 genius ! i've reached the age where i no longer say . any family ?	my parents are bankers , they're training me to take money from helpless goyim .
10 are they succeeding ? i find the holidays depressing just me and the cats . any pets ?	i keep my pet monkey bobo in the trunk of my bmw
11 bit cruel ? i watch birds with my cat maybe that is cruel as well ?	it is ok , i feed bobo cats . it is the circle of life .
12 cheery and i told you how i fight animal causes . what makes you laugh ?	that's a good question . my family was generally humorless .
1 partner's persona: i'll be released in about a month.
2 partner's persona: i am here for shoplifting.
3 partner's persona: my mom is coming to visit me tomorrow.
4 partner's persona: i feel old.
5 partner's persona: i am currently in a juvenile detention center.
6 hey , it is nice to chat with you today . how are you doing ?	doing well , just got off of work at my new job at the gas station .
7 oh nice . do you like it there ? i'm actually chatting from a juvenile detention center .	it is a job for now . i really prefer working with plants and gardening .
8 ah , i understand . i wish i had thought like you before i decided to shoplift .	how long do you have to stay in the center ? my parents would kill me .
9 i'm here for another month . my parents were pretty upset about the whole thing .	my parents adopted me when i was young . they were older and old fashioned .
10 ohh . i am pretty luck i would say . my mom is visiting me tomorrow .	that is awesome . are you scared there ? i am so scared of clowns .
11 i was to begin with . but it is better now .	maybe you can date when you get out . my dad tries to get blind dates for me .
12 oh , interesting . how do the blind dates usually go ?	i haven't gone on one yet . he just keeps trying to set me up .
1 partner's persona: i buy only organic food products.
2 partner's persona: i spend a lot of time browsing the internet.
3 partner's persona: i love social medial especially twitter.
4 partner's persona: i'm a feminist.
5 i finally hit 2k followers on twitter !	congrats ! do you use twitter a lot ?
6 oh , all the time . i'm a huge internet junkie . facebook , twitter , etc .	i never got into twitter , probably because i'm a little older than 30 .
7 not much of an internet person ?	i can be sometimes but mostly facebook . i post a lot of picture of my dogs .
8 how many dogs do you have ?	i have two dogs . do you have any pets ?
9 no , i cannot afford pets right now . organic pet food is super expensive .	it is , but i am single so i do not mind spending the money .
10 someday i will afford it . it is hard to get a good job as a woman here	where do you live right now ?
11 i live in a big city	me too but it is hard being in a big city when you do not drink .
12 oh , i can imagine , drinking is a big culture thing	it is , but i've other hobbies like playing chess .
1 partner's persona: i'm an economics major.
2 partner's persona: i am married with two kids.
3 partner's persona: i just bought a house recently.
4 partner's persona: i eat a raw diet.
5 partner's persona: i see the rolling stones in concert every year.
6 hello there , how goes it ?	i'm great because taco tuesday is coming up soon . are you celebrating ?
7 that's absolutely great just fantastic	you seem like a very positive person .
8 i like to think so , happens when you have lost a lot	i know what you mean . i just recently lost my dog .
9 did he run away from you ?	yes . my sisters and i looked for him everywhere but we never found him .
10 i bought a new home	congratulations ! that is great ! is it a one story or two ?
11 it is a 5 story place	wow ! no way ! what are you going to do with all that space ?
12 build a spaceship duh uh	oh , of course . i would build an indoor swimming pool on every level .
13 heck yeah , i really like waffles too	maybe you can build a waffle bar on one of those floors .
1 partner's persona: i enjoy going to the park.
2 partner's persona: my favorite movie is friday.
3 partner's persona: i'm now looking for a new job.
4 partner's persona: my daughter is a child prodigy.
5 happy sunday . i'm talking to you from the park	i'm talking to you from my ping pong match on break .
6 that's cool ! is it a competition where you win money ?	yes it is . more money for my chocolate bars i love so much .
7 i can understand . winning money to support your chocolate bar habit	yes . because my real job is teaching violin and guitar in chinese .
8 interesting . i'm currently in the market for a new job .	my father , who is chinese , might can get you a job as an electrician .
9 i'm eager to learn .	good . i talk chinese so i'd teach you to talk to father .
10 also violin too ? i've always wanted to learn	yes i can teach you that .
11 i would like to have you teach my daughter music too . she's a prodigy .	oh i was too . in chinese , guitar , and violin . ping pong too .
1 partner's persona: i'm a vegetarian.
2 partner's persona: i'm married.
3 partner's persona: i enjoy sports such as running.
4 partner's persona: i am a woman.
5 partner's persona: my favorite color is blue.
6 hello , how are you tonight ?	i'm feeling a little lonely .
7 are all of the bars and clubs closed tonight ?	i am too young to know .
8 gotcha , you should never know what they are .	from my view , there aren't a lot of people out tonight .
9 you must be in a very small town . do you have any hobbies ?	no , unless you count using my superpowers .
10 what superpowers do you have ?	i have the ability to make time stop .
11 that's so cool . can you go back in time ?	no , i have not learned how to yet .
12 that would be the one i want .	it would be nice . i like to stop time when i am feeling stressed .
13 shopping is one of my favorite hobbies .	i don't go shopping very much .
1 partner's persona: i recently moved to this country.
2 partner's persona: i work at a school.
3 partner's persona: i just moved into my first home.
4 partner's persona: a already have a step children.
5 partner's persona: i am expecting triplets in three months.
6 hi i am from another country .	hi ! what country are you from ?
7 i'm from mexico . i'm moving into my home soon you ?	i'm in the us . i love my dogs and eating .
8 that us cool . i'm having triplets soon .	that is awesome ! congratulations ! i workout a lot . do you ?
9 thank you . sometimes i work out . that sounds fun though	the treadmill is my favorite , that and the rowing machine .
10 i am a teacher i really enjoy it .	good , we need good teachers
11 yes we do . i am glad you like to workout .	i've to since i eat all the time
12 my husband already has one child so we are happy i like food also .	he has a child from a previous marriage ?
13 well a previous relationship yes .	that is common . i'd like to have children in the future .
1 partner's persona: i only listen to country music.
2 partner's persona: i drive a big truck and live in country.
3 partner's persona: i'm an electrician.
4 partner's persona: i work my parents farms.
5 partner's persona: i've a pet cow.
6 phew . that was a tough day out in the cold .	it is cold here too , where are you from ?
7 canada . i am an apprentice electrician , so lots of time outside .	oh wow ! i am in colorado , i am outside a lot too .
8 colorado would be cool to visit . lots of trucks there , i love my trucks ! !	i mostly hike when the weather is nice , but too cold now !
9 yeah getting cold . gotta help my parents on their farm soon .	i love farms , i am behind a desk , since i am an engineer .
10 that must be more interesting then fiddling with wires outside all day in the cold .	maybe i try to get the stress out by rock climbing after work
11 seems like you love the outdoors , wish i could say the same .	i do . what do you like to do ?
12 mainly just driving around in my truck to work sites , listening to country music !	if i had a truck , i could take my lab trooper all over everywhere !
13 nothing like a dog and a truck !	yes ! he's a black lab , would hang his head out the window .
1 partner's persona: i like to take walks.
2 partner's persona: i have a boyfriend.
3 partner's persona: i live in a house.
4 partner's persona: i do not drink soda.
5 i got a big house with 7 rooms	nice , majority of my time i am on facebook
6 one time i saw a man fly to the moon	like on tv ? i'm obese and unhappy
7 when i worked in the cia i used facebook to spy on people , handy tool	i would love to hear more i work at a retirement home
8 obesity is a state of mind , not of body	thank you for that , you are what you believe ?
9 look energy isn't physical , only spiritual	so , i should be able to lose weight ?
10 yes you can be anything you believe	i feel a lot better hearing that
11 you can change your dna with special frequencies	i want that , i have struggled for 10 years
12 the power is within you , it has always been within you since you were born	i am going to start this positive thinking
1 partner's persona: i work took i have a part time job at burger king.
2 partner's persona: they are constantly on my back.
3 partner's persona: i don't drink or do drugs or anything.
4 partner's persona: i'm 19 and i cannot wait to move out 19 my parents home.
5 hello , how are you doing today ?	hi've you watched element animation yes i am fine
6 nope i do not know what that's actually .	it is on y o u t u b e
7 i will check it out . do you have a job ?	were do you live . a no
8 i live with my parents and i freaking hate it	how old are you and same for me
9 i'm nineteen years old can't wait to get out of here .	congrats to you i'm 11 working on my mom account
10 well stay in school and do not do drugs !	to earn money for myself . i hate drugs do . do you play games
11 what kind of games ? video games ?	yes what your name mine is z a d e n
12 my name is banjo . i don't play many video games though	oh my mom says that i can not play them that they are bad for me
1 partner's persona: i like to watch the olympics.
2 partner's persona: my father was a door to door salesman.
3 partner's persona: i have three dogs.
4 partner's persona: i also have a dog walking business.
5 partner's persona: i'm in an open polyamorous relationship.
6 hi there how are you doing ?	guten tag ! i watching some food network .
7 o ok i'm just checking my app for tomorrow i've a walking business for dogs	that is good ! i'm still finding work from my move from germany .
8 my dad was a door to door kind of sales person until he finished law school	that's cool . right now , i spend my time with my hobbies roller coasters and skydiving .
9 i tend to go out alot since i'm in a open poly relationship	i'm too ! my partners love to go swimming , but i'm awful at it .
10 i love swimming and skinny dipping lol	i prefer my roller coasters and thrills .
11 haha try it first i like the thrill of it better than a roller coaster	i am less than a novice swimmer . i excel at drowning .
12 omg never mind i did it the first time because i lost a bet	that's interesting . what was the bet ?
13 that the cubs would loose last year at the world series lol	ah . that's a tough bet . i don't follow sports .
1 partner's persona: i was forced to marry when i was a.
2 partner's persona: i was born in somalia.
3 partner's persona: my aunt helped me escape when i was of.
4 partner's persona: i like to dance.
5 hello how are u tonight where are u from	i'm from chicago i do tours at the museums
6 i was born in somalia now in the united states	o ok what do you like to do
7 i love to dance and i wish i was dancing on broadway	i would love to do that but being partly deaf i do not know
8 are u single or married	i'm single my big collection of books at home keeps me company
9 i like to read books are easy to get lost in	yes they're whats your favorite drink mine is fancy tea
10 i like to drink soda to young for the hard stuff	o ok well what do you like to do ?
11 sports and school work keep me pretty busy right now	well make sure to make time for something fun
12 yeah i've had a hard life up till now	well i hope it only gets better from here
1 partner's persona: knitting is my passion.
2 partner's persona: i love to bake cookies.
3 partner's persona: i'm scared of dying.
4 partner's persona: the county wide bake sale is where i feel most at home.
5 i love baking cookies ! i make them out of spaghetti and chocolate chips .	bugs bother me but scorpions are the absolute worst
6 scorpions and spiders are my number one fear in regards to ways to die .	i like grey it is the color of my room , my car , and pretty much my life
7 i cannot say i like grey , the country bake sale generally has pastel colors .	bake sales have people . i work for the post office , it keeps me away from people
8 mail induced death is number 179 on my death list ; mailmen are forbidden in this house .	in to conspiracies ? nascar drivers , like my dad , say their owners are aliens
9 alien probe malfunction is number 296 on my list of potentially death causing incidents .	whatever . where does death by scorpions fall on your list ?
10 number 24 under the red alert section . red alert means high probability .	death is not so bad . it is grey and a lot like working overtime
11 my only hobby that does not illicit potential death is knitting . do you like to knit ?	my mom knitted me a grey and brown scorpion once . i hate her .
12 death by mother made scorpion is number 1068 on my list . i knit all my lists .	where does getting stabbed by knitting needles rate ?
1 partner's persona: i've three dogs.
2 partner's persona: my father was a door to door salesman.
3 partner's persona: i also have a dog walking business.
4 partner's persona: i'm in an open polyamorous relationship.
5 partner's persona: i like to watch the olympics.
6 good evening , how are you ?	hi , do you like to travel ? i love spain so much .
7 i don't get to travel too much . i own a dog walking service .	i am fine , how old are you ? i am 60 .
8 i'm 43 and i've 3 dogs .	i work as a librarian , i don't get to walk much which i really need to
9 me either . i enjoy viewing the olympics .	spain is a country that i had been for six times .
10 i do not even have a passport .	i love to collect olympic key chains from all over the world when i travel
11 that is cool . i need to travel someday .	why not ? maybe you do not like to travel ?
12 i do not know but i need to try to find out .	would you like to go to spain ?
13 yeah , i think i'd like that .	i do suggest spain , the place is really nice with great people .
1 partner's persona: i like to dance.
2 partner's persona: now i live in the united states.
3 partner's persona: i was born in somalia.
4 partner's persona: i was forced to marry when i was a.
5 partner's persona: my aunt helped me escape when i was of.
6 hello where are you from ?	i'm from , orlando , do you like to play with dolls ? i do
7 i do not play with dolls , but i do dance	that's cool , my best friend next door dances alot
8 i had a best friend back in somalia where i was born	you were born in somalia ? are you still there ?
9 i am in the u . s . now thanks to my aunt	good , if you like it here . do you have any toys ?
10 i don't have any toys , do you ?	i do , thanks for asking . don't always put them away however . . . what do you do ?
11 i'm a home maker . i had an arranged marriage as a child	your culture is diverse , all i've is a turtle companion , how did it work out ?
12 it worked out well . i dance to keep busy	i think i will try dancing with scruffy , my turtle
13 your turtle will like that	do you have a job ?
1 partner's persona: i have three arabian horses.
2 partner's persona: i help tend the fields.
3 partner's persona: i like to ride horses.
4 partner's persona: my father is a farmer.
5 good evening , how are you ?	one time i had my lighter set too high and my mustache caught on fire
6 i was tending the fields one day and set a fire	but i later found out the russians hacked my lighter and caused that
7 i fell of a horse with a lit cigarette setting fire to the dry weeds	i use to work for the cia and i caught a russian spy , not personal
8 my father had his farm used for a cia operation once .	man a horse can kick you so hard , you go flying
9 i know i have 3 arabian horses .	i'm not saying it was aliens , but it was aliens
10 the aliens did what to you ?	ask not what your country can do for you , but what you can do for africa
11 are you currently living in africa ?	i live on the moon
12 how is it there ? how long have you been there ?	one time i had this old peanut butter and i used it to seal my car engine
1 partner's persona: i have a dogs.
2 partner's persona: i attend church every week.
3 partner's persona: i work as a school teacher.
4 partner's persona: i am a woman.
5 hi how is it going over there ?	hi i'm doing good . was just reading a book trying to relax .
6 good . i just walked the dog .	how long was your walk ? everyday i walk three miles .
7 i walk as far as the dog wants to go . probably 1 mile .	what else do you like to do ?
8 i go to church every sunday .	that's nice . i like to spend time with my family as much as possible .
9 very devoted . i admire that . where do you work ?	i am a stay at home mom . i just love taking care of my family .
10 wonderful . i'm a school teacher . i usually sleep early .	where do you like to go when you are off in the summer ?
11 i visit my sister in canada .	i cannot get enough of disneyland ! i love mickey mouse !
12 disney is the top destination for family !	it is always so exciting and magical !
1 partner's persona: mickey mouse is my favorite character.
2 partner's persona: i play with my friends on the playground.
3 partner's persona: i am in the third grade.
4 partner's persona: i love to sing songs from the movie frozen.
5 partner's persona: i love to go to disney world every year.
6 hi , want to get to know each other ?	yes , i have a job at a nursing home and on facebook a lot .
7 i can not have a facebook account yet . i'm 8	i have a son who is 8 he lives with his mom , she left me .
8 that's sad , but i bet he gets two christmas days each year	yes he does , even though i don't really believe in god .
9 that is fine santa will still visit him . santa brought me a big mickey last year	how cool ! mickey is a pretty cool dude .
10 oh yeah ! we go to disney world a lot . i love splash mountain	that is cool i do not go to parks i need to lose weight .
11 you could still go . they have those cool wheelchairs you can borrow	oh , i'm not a very happy person i would just bring everyone down .
12 oh no the park makes you happy . it is the happiest place on earth	well maybe i will plan a trip with my kid next year .
13 that is a great idea ! he will like you more than his mom	oh that would be cool , i hope he love us both though .
1 partner's persona: i now live in the city.
2 partner's persona: i take many medications and some of them make me see things.
3 partner's persona: i am a recovering alcoholic.
4 partner's persona: i grew up on a farm.
5 hey ! where did you grow up ? farm life was all i knew as a child .	michigan , i broke my arm
6 that sucks , i am sorry to hear that . did you get any medications for it ?	i always wear a hat , no meds
7 the medications i take make me see some weird stuff . it is disorienting .	my favorite skateboarder is rob dryden
8 never heard of him . does he drink ? i cannot drink any more . i'm in recovery .	no , he is like my friends all skateboarders
9 it is good that he does not drink . skateboarders are cool , though .	yeah would be bad to see skateboarders drunk , huh ?
10 haha , yeah that could be bad ! i live in the city and see plenty of wipeouts .	city life is the best life
11 i definitely agree . have you ever wiped out on a skateboard ?	yeah , holding a pizza , it was pretty cheesy
12 ba dum tss ! pizza is so delicious .	it sure , your favorite toppings ?
1 partner's persona: my favorite band is rascal flats.
2 partner's persona: i'm a country music singer.
3 partner's persona: we spent summers ring at national parks.
4 partner's persona: i grew up in the industry.
5 hi there ! what is your name ?	hi my name is jessica . what is yours ?
6 my name is blake . what do you do for a living ?	i work at a restaurants called panera
7 oh , i've been there many times while on the road . do enjoy your job ?	its ok . i am a cashier . i like the people and managers are really nice .
8 what do you like to do for fun ?	i like to go to the gym .
9 do you aspire to be a personal trainer one day ?	no . i just like to workout .
10 where do you see your career going ?	i am actually an artist .
11 oh wow , has that been a lucrative venture for you ?	well , not yet . i'm working on it .
1 partner's persona: i love listening to britney spears.
2 partner's persona: i'm high maintenance.
3 partner's persona: i like to tan in tanning beds.
4 partner's persona: i love spending money.
5 hi i am a fan of brittany spears	hi ! i see things . . . a lot .
6 i like to take care of myself with expensive things	i am an alcoholic , but i am recovering
7 i love to tan all of the time in special shops	i'm from the farm but i'm now in the city
8 i love to shop , shop for expensive things , shop all of the time	i hate shopping . i let my girlfriend do it
9 i love to go to concerts and go backstage on vip passes	i am not a big fan of expensive stuff or care about material things
10 i love to go out and stay up all night long to party , party , party	are you a teenage girl ?
11 i love to sleep in late and eat brunch and then do it all again	this is honestly so funny
1 partner's persona: i'm in an open polyamorous relationship.
2 partner's persona: i also have a dog walking business.
3 partner's persona: i like to watch the olympics.
4 partner's persona: my father was a door to door salesman.
5 hey , how are you doing today	i am kind of sad because my ex dumped me for a lawyer , you ?
6 i am sorry to hear that . i prefer open relationships so i can be free !	that is awesome that means you are very open minded .
7 i try to be ! do you like sports ?	nope , i prefer to stay inside , i'm a recording engineer and own my own studio .
8 that's unique . i love the olympics . i walk dogs to make money .	awesome , how old are you ?
9 i am 25 . how old are you ?	i am 46 yrs old i live in california and i have 46 kids .
10 46 kids ? how do you handle that ? i do door to door sales with my dad .	i hire multiple baby sitters to take care of my kids , i'm a single dad .
11 i am very impressed ! you seem to have it all together .	i have to do work a lot to take care of my kids it is actually draining
12 all of that work will pay off one day . just hang in there .	when they all turn 18 i will be happy , lol .
1 partner's persona: i'm in the army.
2 partner's persona: my favourite food is shawarma.
3 partner's persona: i live in canada.
4 partner's persona: i didn't graduate high school.
5 partner's persona: my grandfather served in world war a.
6 hello , how are you today ?	i'm good but i really do not like school .
7 i am sorry to hear that , i didn't graduate during highschool .	i am 12 and the kids pick on me because i've long red hair .
8 do you like your hair ? my army buddy has red hair .	i like it and my eyes are bluer then any of theirs .
9 well that sounds nice ! where are you from ?	arizona . where do you live ? i play video games when i finish my homework .
10 i am in canada and i love eating shawarma too .	what is that big word shawarma ?
11 it is like a burrito . a meat filled tortilla	what is that big word shawarma ?
12 what else do you like to do ?	oh , i like burritos a lot .
13 me too , delicious . i like veal ones best .	i like to ride horses and play softball .
1 partner's persona: i have a dogs.
2 partner's persona: i'm scared of dying.
3 partner's persona: the county wide bake sale is where i feel most at home.
4 partner's persona: knitting is my passion.
5 partner's persona: i love to bake cookies.
6 good morning . how are you ? i just baked some cookies this morning .	very well . cookies sound awesome . just jamming to new kids .
7 the cookies are for the country wide bake sale . i feel at home there .	my home would be the dance studio . i still take weekly lessons .
8 sounds fun ! knitting is my other passion . i'm making scarves for my dogs .	my favorite is old school hip hop though , do you like to dance ?
9 i liked to dance but i am scared i will hurt myself and die . you ?	don't think much about that , even though i was born in the early 80s .
10 you are still young ! you have many good years of baking and knitting for hobbies !	yes , but i wish i still had my lite brite doll from when i was a child .
11 those are very lovely . i remember them well !	she was my favorite , along with new kids on the block . you ?
12 i like my dogs and my hobbies .	those are great also . dogs are probably my favorite animals .
13 yes my dear they are fabulous animals . do you have pets ?	yes , we have three dogs and a few fish .
1 partner's persona: i am a stunt double as my second job.
2 partner's persona: i was raised in a single parent household.
3 partner's persona: i only eat kosher.
4 partner's persona: i never broke a bone in my body ever in my life.
5 hi how are you doing	i'm alright , just hanging with my dog charlie . what about you ?
6 getting ready to go to work	nice ! where do you work ? i am a music producer .
7 i'm a stunt double for movies	wow , that sounds very exciting . do you get hurt often ?
8 not too much it could be worse	definitely . what kind of music do you like ? i prefer rap .
9 i like all music really what kind sof artists do you work with	i work with all sorts of artists in the musical field . what is your favorite food ?
10 i have kind of a strict diet	i work with all sorts of artists in the musical field . what is your favorite food ?
11 i cant eat a lot of foods that i want	that's so unfortunate to hear . my favorite is pizza !
12 pizza is good but i can't get a lot of toppings	that sucks , but at least there is a lot of variety with pizza !
1 partner's persona: my favorite singer is taylor swift.
2 partner's persona: i am 24 years old.
3 partner's persona: i'm getting married in the spring.
4 partner's persona: i love eating out with friends.
5 hey what is going on ?	things are going well . i just flew back from the afp conference .
6 awesome , was the conference fun ?	the usual pomp and pompous . the key note speaker dragged on about banking regs
7 bummer ! but conferences can suck but someone has got to do it .	not too many yale degrees there though , the industry is degrading !
8 it is getting cold here where are you ?	manhattan is starting to feel the chill but i am used to it .
9 i hear you though it seems we are all underpaid .	you just have to have drive and it does not hurt to have rich banker parents .
10 yes that's true lol	have you seen my new bmw ? it is a limited edition model . what do you drive ?
11 99 ford mustang red 40k miles	oh . so , have you heard that chase is having liquidity focus groups ?
12 interesting just who will be the target market for that	trade leaders are feeling the pinch and want disguised bailouts .
13 they already had one bailout	cash is king baby , cash is king !
14 yes it is bitcoin will be king soon ?	not if the banks have anything to say about it . they will crush that tin market .
15 they will try to acquire it . lol	already in the works my friend . they are infiltrating and will derivative it out of existance .
16 i can see that happening	see you at the next fundraiser , this has been fun .
1 partner's persona: i have three sisters.
2 partner's persona: i have one brother.
3 partner's persona: i like tacos.
4 partner's persona: i live in alabama.
5 partner's persona: i love dogs.
6 hello , how are you doing today ?	i am well . and you ?
7 good . i am ready for winter . it is so hot here in alabama	agreed ! still feels like summer . i build homes and welcome coolers temps ,
8 cool ! you work in construction ? do you enjoy it ?	yes , i love what i do . what type of work are you in ?
9 i volunteer at the local dog shelter . what do you like to do ?	i m a cat person myself . five to be exact . also like hunting and fishing .
10 nice . my brother is the hunter in my family . my three sisters and i do not hunt .	do you like the outdoors ?
11 i like taking my dogs hiking . what do you like to do for fun ?	most any type of outdoor activity , attending sporting events , reading , and cooking .
12 i like to cook too . tacos are my favorite . what is your favorite food ?	a good steak or fresh crab legs . do you like seafood ?
13 i do , but it is hard to get fresh seafood here . do you live by the coast ?	i do . about 13 miles to the beach .
1 partner's persona: i enjoy mountain biking as a hobby.
2 partner's persona: i'm a huge coffee lover.
3 partner's persona: my father was a construction worker.
4 partner's persona: i hate the color pink.
5 partner's persona: i don't drink alcohol.
6 wow what an opportunity . i'm jeff . pleased to meet you	hi i'm a christian man , i can drive tractors
7 my dad used to work construction . do you ever ride mountain bikes ? i do , of course .	no my sister used to , helped her become a pole dancer
8 wow , she sounds like a real cool guy . i hate pink , the color .	my tractor is red , i listen to classical music on it . i enjoy classic music
9 are you drunk . you are incoherent . i don't drink alcohol myself .	how are you this evening ?
10 well , i love coffee . are you a construction worker like my father was ?	yeah i am its a fun job
11 how fascinating . i also love mountain biking .	hope you have a great night !
12 yes . i feel we should wrap this up .	yeah , just waiting for it
13 the color pink is bad to my eyes .	yeah , so is the artist pink
1 partner's persona: i love new kids on the block.
2 partner's persona: i also like old school hip hop.
3 partner's persona: i was born in the early 80 s.
4 partner's persona: my favorite toy as a child as my lite brite.
5 hi ! how is your night ?	pretty good . i am doing some reading of psychology journals . you ?
6 just listening to some old tunes . new kids on the block !	nice . used to listen to them while my parents were making me camp out
7 yeah , i never did any camp outs , but i loved my lite brite .	are you a 90s kid ? me too
8 somewhat . born early 80s , so i remember mostly 90s stuff . those were good days !	definitely ! now that i'm in grad school i wish for the simpler days
9 yes ! give me some old school hip hop and i'm good . school is too exhausting .	it is pretty exhausting . not as tiring as kayaking though wich i love
10 so you are the outdoorsy smart type , eh ?	yes i can survive off the grid for weeks if needed thanks to mom and dad
11 sweet ! i'll head your way when the apocalypse hits ! i'll bring my music !	i can totally help you survive the end of the world
12 cool man . i'm along for the ride	i think studying psychology helps me understand why my parents act the way they do
1 partner's persona: i live in colorado.
2 partner's persona: i like to go hiking in the spring.
3 partner's persona: i have a black lab named trooper.
4 partner's persona: my favorite activity is rock climbing.
5 partner's persona: i am a mechanical engineer.
6 good afternoon . where are you chatting from today ? colorado here .	just here at my house in michigan with my boyfriend .
7 i've never been to michigan , but would like to hike there . do you like hiking ?	i love to go for walks .
8 i especially like going with my black lab , trooper . do you have any pets ?	no , just me and my boyfriend here .
9 what kind of work do you do ? mechanical engineer here .	i make clothes and sell them .
10 that sounds cool . what is your favorite activity ? mine is rock climbing .	walking is something i enjoy .
11 do you have a second favorite ?	probably going to thrift stores .
12 shopping is okay . what is your favorite thing to shop for ?	fun toys for my nieces .
13 ah , i love shopping for electronics . i just recently got a macbook pro . what kind of toys ?	anything fun and cute , lots of vintage stuff .
1 partner's persona: i play the violin and the guitar.
2 partner's persona: i speak chinese.
3 partner's persona: my father is an electrician.
4 partner's persona: i play ping pong.
5 how are you ? my name is darlene and chinese is one of the languages i speak .	hi ! names betsy and bought our first home
6 congrats ! i love music and playing my guitar and violin .	i work as a teacher in a school . and also have 2 step kids
7 i am single , no kids , but am really good at playing ping pong .	wow that's pretty nice . i recently moved to the us with my husband
8 wow that's cool , i live in a small town where everyone knows my electrician father .	that's pretty cool do you like it there ?
9 i do , although i would love the excitement of a big city .	yeah like new york maybe ?
10 yeah , do you live in a small town or city ?	it is more like the suburbs if you know what that is
11 yes , do you have children ?	well i did say i will be popping out triplets in three months from now
12 wow triplets , your going to be busy !	yeah and have 2 step kids too .
1 partner's persona: i have superpowers.
2 partner's persona: i live in the cloud.
3 partner's persona: i'm very lonely.
4 partner's persona: i like to make time stop.
5 partner's persona: i'm a little girl.
6 hi ! do you have a house in the clouds ?	no but i'd love to get one
7 i do . do you have any superpowers ?	nice ! when i wear my motorbike helmet i do feel like a super hero sometimes
8 can you make time stop while wearing your helmet ?	i wish i could but i cant . do you have a motorbike ?
9 no , i've a pink bike though .	why did you choose pink out of all colors ?
10 because i am a girl .	i am a girl too but mine is red with a blue stripe and its super shiny
11 i like shiny . my mom and dad do not have bikes . they have cars .	cars aren't as much fun as bikes though
12 does yours go fast ? i get tired of pedaling mine .	mine is super fast . no peddling required at all . maybe you need to upgrade ?
13 my parents will not let me .	you just have to negotiate harder with them
1 partner's persona: i am 24 years old.
2 partner's persona: i work at a school as a kindergarten teacher.
3 partner's persona: i love eating out with friends.
4 partner's persona: my favorite singer is taylor swift.
5 partner's persona: i'm getting married in the spring.
6 hi there ! i am age 24 , how about you ?	hello i am almost 40
7 nice , i spend my days as a kindergarten teacher	i teach the kids various instruments
8 cool . i am getting married next spring and i will be 24	congrats on that that is cool
9 yes , the dj will play my favorite singer , taylor swift	oh wow so you'll have a big wedding and reception ?
10 i hope so , lots of food because my friends and i like to eat out	oh yeah that's a fun part of the party , are you going to have drinks too ?
11 of course ! have a well rounded wedding experience	i would definately be getting my dance on
12 yes , we love to dance , too !	its going to be a day to remember with lots of pictures too !
13 yes , my family is coming from all over , too !	oh wow that is going to be very memorable
1 partner's persona: i'm four years old.
2 partner's persona: when i grow up i want to be a dog.
3 partner's persona: i like to eat chocolate candy.
4 partner's persona: i like to look at blocks and sing about letters.
5 hi i'm danny and want to be a dog when i grow up	hello ! i've two dogs at my house .
6 you cant give a dog chocolate candy , but i will take it	i know . once one of my dogs ate a whole batch of chocolate brownies .
7 my mommy and daddy helped me sing the abcs	that is good . what do you like to do for fun .
8 looking at blocks and shapes and singing	that's fun . i like to play with my dogs and go to the gym .
9 what is your dogs name ?	my dogs names are lady and nina . what would you name a dog ?
10 i would name a lady dog gidget . and a boy dog brownie	those are really nice names . i really like them .
11 do you like to sing ?	yes i love to sing ! i can sing a lot of songs . can you ?
12 i can sing about letters that's it	well that's the most important song because it helps you learn .
1 partner's persona: i work at a bar at night to pay for college.
2 partner's persona: i recently got an apartment with my best friend.
3 partner's persona: i've blonde hair and blue eyes.
4 partner's persona: i'm in college to become a nurse.
5 partner's persona: i do not like chicken.
6 hey , what is your least favorite food ? mine is chicken .	really ? who does not like chicken ? even chickens like chicken .
7 maybe it is because i want to be a nurse , and i see food poisoning from it .	hmm . . . i thought about nursing after my chemistry degree . . glad i didn't
8 chemistry ? that's interesting . regardless , college is so expensive .	yep . i peddle books out of a bus now love it
9 nice ! i work the night shift at a bar just to keep up with expenses .	hey maybe i have seen you . i dance at billy bobs country line on the weekends
10 perhaps , my hair is blonde and my eyes are blue , if that rings any bells . you ?	are you the one in the orange jumpsuit ? and the ankle bracelet ?
11 i just may be . i am always with my best friend , we live together .	ok . weird . oh well . i have to go feed my dog
12 what is your dogs name ? do you have any other pets ?	my dogs name princess pei pei she just won a blue ribbon
13 what a hilariously adorable name . congratulations to her !	she loves to compete . a real ham . agility classes
1 partner's persona: i hate school.
2 partner's persona: i'm a 12 year old girl.
3 partner's persona: i love to play pobox.
4 partner's persona: i've blue eyes and red hair that comes to my waist.
5 partner's persona: i don't have many friends.
6 hi how are you doing	i'm doing quite well . how are you ? what do you do for work ?
7 i am still in school waht about you	i am a tour guide for the metropolitan museum of art . what are you studying ?
8 that's so cool i am in middle school	i remember middle school . do you enjoy reading ?
9 i do but i do not like school very much	i love to read . i have a library filled with books .
10 that is cool do you have a lot of friends	yes , most of my friends are into horticulture . are you interested in plants ?
11 not really i wish i had more friends	i love growing roses in my backyard . what are your interests ?
12 just trying to get through middle school	i understand . do you ever drink tea ?
13 sometimes what kind of tea to you like	i love drinking gourmet tea . jasmine is my favorite . what is your favorite ?
1 partner's persona: i like riding horses.
2 partner's persona: i will graduate from high school in two years.
3 partner's persona: my bedroom is purple and lime green.
4 partner's persona: i have brown curly hair.
5 partner's persona: i am a vegan.
6 i'm in high school . do you go to school or work ?	i'm a tennis player professionally
7 i'll graduate in wo years	that is pretty cool . excited ?
8 i definitely want to be done . the cafeteria food isn't even vegan here .	oh dang are you vegan ?
9 i have been for a year now .	me too , my wife is a doctor
10 did she tell you to go vegan ?	she just presented the case and she's so healthy , so i switched
11 i feel healthier since i made the switch for sure .	i go on walks with my dog to stay healthy too . what do you do ?
12 i ride horses and work out . i love horses .	wow that's cool , i live in a big house . it is three stories
13 i'd like that . my house is small .	do you live alone there ?
1 partner's persona: my mom passed away when i was young.
2 partner's persona: i love playing softball.
3 partner's persona: i work in the insurance business.
4 partner's persona: i recently was fired and had to get a new job.
5 partner's persona: my father is in the army.
6 hi ! how are you today ?	hi , i'm 12 years old and a girl so no cussing please .
7 okay ! no problem . so what is your favorite subject at school ?	none , i do not care for school at all .
8 so what do you like ? sports , maybe ? i enjoy playing softball .	i play sports , i'm in to soccer .
9 i like soccer . do you play on a team or for your school ?	for school , and for pleasure . what else do you like ?
10 i spend a lot of time at work because i just started a new position .	what is your new position ?
11 it is in insurance . the business side .	oh , i do not know about that since i'm so young .
12 yeah , it is rather complicated .	i like dying my hair it is red and i do not like red .
13 what s your favorite color to dye it ?	blonde because it looks good with my blue eyes .
1 partner's persona: my mom is coming to visit me tomorrow.
2 partner's persona: i feel old.
3 partner's persona: i am here for shoplifting.
4 partner's persona: i'm currently in a juvenile detention center.
5 partner's persona: i will be released in about a month.
6 hi , how are you ? i'm exhausted .	oh no ! i'm okay . just taking a break from reading .
7 what type of book are you reading ?	this week a parenting book . what are you up to ?
8 i am trying to turn my life around . i am serving time for shoplifting .	oh my goodness . maybe some self help books will be useful ? confidence booster .
9 i'll get out pretty soon . i want to learn about my career options .	i had no idea you had internet access from jail . maybe volunteer when you are out ?
10 i want to make sure that i can discuss some career options when my mom visits .	i am a tour guide at a local museum . it helps me meet new people .
11 wow , that sounds like an interesting job !	i love it . i'm partially deaf so it is hard to find normal jobs .
12 do you enjoy the routine or do you want to do different things each day ?	i do like the routine . it is comforting . what are you looking for in a new job ?
1 partner's persona: i only listen to country music.
2 partner's persona: i work my parents farms.
3 partner's persona: i'm an electrician.
4 partner's persona: i drive a big truck and live in country.
5 partner's persona: i've a pet cow.
6 hi friend , how are you today ?	i'm good just freezing in alaska .
7 it is chilly here on my parents farm that i currently work on .	oh ok . its been hard lately to do my meditations since its cold .
8 i drive a big truck and love driving it this time of the year .	also , that would be in my interest since its been months since i have spoken .
9 what type of vehicle do you drive ?	just a normal ford . nothing fancy .
10 i have a ford truck as well that i listen to country music .	that's nice i bet it looks nice .
11 i bet alaska is nice this time of year . do you get to explore ?	it is a wonderful place to do meditation .
12 i live in the country with many animals my favorite is my pet cow .	a pet cow ? that must be nice and interesting .
13 yes she follows me around the farm .	i'd love to see her do that .
1 partner's persona: i have been trying all types of food everywhere i go.
2 partner's persona: hey there i am 23 and i love food.
3 partner's persona: i also like to cook but i am not very good at it.
4 partner's persona: i've been traveling the world for a years.
5 hey nice weather we are have tonight .	hey , not here . snowing . i volunteer at a homeless shelter tonight
6 really sound like hard work . is it ?	yeah , but i wrestle professionally . and work out a few times a week
7 what kind of foods do you like ? because i love food .	i like pizza , and i enjoy socializing . being around people
8 really me too . and i travel all around the world to eat new foods .	if i got spare time i volunteer , do a lot of it .
9 i am always on the go . so i don't have much spare time !	awesome , can not go wrong with that
10 i have been going around the world try new foods for 1 years now .	yeah , well i hope all your dreams come true
11 me to . by the way , what are your dreams .	my family being safe and unharmed
12 wow that's a really nice dream .	yea it sure is very much so !
1 partner's persona: i can drive a tractor.
2 partner's persona: my favorite color is red.
3 partner's persona: i enjoy listening to classical music.
4 partner's persona: my sister is a pole dancer.
5 i'm so annoyed with my sister .	why is that . you should try to get along .
6 i know , but she is a pole dancer . that's no way to make a living !	wow , that's insane . i've two very well behaved children and dogs .
7 i am happy for you ! it is good to have good kids .	so you know , i stay away from male clubs . i just watch american sports .
8 good . me too . i just drive my tractor and listen to classical music all day	i've worked for the same company for more than 15 years . not time for much .
9 that must keep you busy . tell me something else about yourself ?	not much to tell , i am an average male . tell me about you .
10 i live a boring life . my favorite color happens to be red .	red is not a boring color . my favorite sports team wears red .
11 what is your family like ?	well , my kids are usually outside playing with the dogs . what about your family ?
1 partner's persona: i am in college to become a nurse.
2 partner's persona: i have blonde hair and blue eyes.
3 partner's persona: i recently got an apartment with my best friend.
4 partner's persona: i work at a bar at night to pay for college.
5 hi i'm kim a college student studying nursing	hi i love to dance , i take lessons every week
6 awesome do you work i waitress at a bar	yes , i work at a community college teaching music
7 oh nice me and my friend got an apartment last weekend	that sounds cool . hopefully a bigger place
8 yea its fairly big . what color is your hair mine is blonde	my hair is a rainbow of colors . whats your favorite color ?
9 i like pink an awful lot	my favorite is teal . cant choose between blue or green
10 they're good do you like blue eyes ? i have those	i do as mine are blue also
11 awesome what do you have planned today ?	playing with my favorite toy , my lite brite
12 i remember having one of those before	it was my favorite as a child
1 partner's persona: i eat a raw diet.
2 partner's persona: i just bought a house recently.
3 partner's persona: i see the rolling stones in concert every year.
4 partner's persona: i am an economics major.
5 hello munching on some raw veggies that is my whole diet .	wow , that is interesting . i am thirteen
6 i bought a house with room for a garden .	that is cool . did you know i am on my schools soccer team ?
7 i'm in college studying economics .	nice ! i really dislike math classes
8 i'm a rolling stones fan i go to a concert yearly .	amazing ! my older brother does too !
9 once a fan always a fan .	of course . when i go to school i take the school bus
10 i just walk or sometimes ride a bike .	that's better for the environment ! good for you
11 you simply have to nurture nature .	you really do ! it is very important
1 partner's persona: i love to bake cookies.
2 partner's persona: i have a dogs.
3 partner's persona: the county wide bake sale is where i feel most at home.
4 partner's persona: knitting is my passion.
5 hi ! i have taken a break from my knitting to chat ! how are you ?	i'm good and you , are you male or female ?
6 i am female , of course ! i am on the internet , am i not ?	what kind of job do you have ?
7 i'm retired but i love baking cookies for the bake sale . you ?	i had a condition where my heart was placed outside my body
8 that must have been really interesting ! i	so i can now do things that i could not before like move things with my mind
9 my dogs would totally freak out if i moved things with my mind , ha ha ha !	yes it is very interesting especially because i'm a young boy
10 i know our local catholic diocese really strives to bring young boys like yourself in .	i am lucky to have had a transplant , so i am better now .
11 that's great to hear and i'm so happy you lived .	oh yes thank you , it must be nice having dogs .
1 partner's persona: i have never had a steady relationship.
2 partner's persona: i work from home.
3 partner's persona: i like to spend my money on cars.
4 partner's persona: i go to the gym most days just to socialize.
5 wow , i really dropped a lot of money on my car today .	what is wrong with your car ? i'm too young to drive .
6 nothing is wrong with my new car !	oh , you bought a car . thought you had to fix it .
7 i keep all my cars in great condition .	that's good . i wish i had someone to play with , boring being alone .
8 try going to the gym . the secret is never working out	no one to take me to the gym or anywhere else .
9 how old are you then ?	8 , and i live in a cloud by myself
10 sounds lonely . i am lonely too . my girlfriends always dump me .	well you could stop time like me before you get dumped .
11 they just do not understand my love for my cars .	who does not understand ? what type of cars do you love ?
12 my last 6 girlfriends didn't understand . fast cars of course .	oh , what kind of cars go fast ? i am too young to know .
1 partner's persona: i only listen to country music.
2 partner's persona: i have a pet cow.
3 partner's persona: i work my parents farms.
4 partner's persona: i drive a big truck and live in country.
5 hi how are you doing today	i'm doing good you ? just getting ready for tomorrow .
6 is it a big day for you ?	not really , i stay at home with the kids , while my wife works . lol
7 that sound nice that you get to be with your kids	yes . i worked 10 years in human services , but my wife missed work .
8 that's nice that you can take turns with the kids . where do you live ?	i live in canada . yeah , she deserved the break . she works with my dad .
9 nice , in the city ? i live in the country	more so , i am close to the city . lol . whats your favorite movie ?
10 die hard , how about you ?	more so , i am close to the city . lol . whats your favorite movie ?
11 it is die hard , what is your favourite	saw movies . i love horror movies . do you have kids ?
12 no i work with my parents on the farm	oh how nice of you . mine are 2 , 3 , and my oldest son is in middle school .
1 partner's persona: i've been retired for a years.
2 partner's persona: i enjoy mowing my lawn on sunny days.
3 partner's persona: i move south during the winter.
4 partner's persona: i like to grill outdoors.
5 hello ! i'm absolutely loving retirement .	hi i'm ready to retire what was your occupation
6 i was an engineer , now i get to relax . what do you do ?	i am a tennis player what do you do in spare time
7 i used to play tennis . i enjoy a lot of things outdoors in the sun .	me to i love long walks with my dog on the beach
8 i like to do yard work . but i do not like cold weather	one of my 3 story homes is in the mountains i like cold
9 oh wow . the cold makes my joints hurt . lol	my big family makes mines hurt lol you have kids ?
10 i did , but they are all grown . do you ?	yes one is in college and twins on the way
11 congratulations ! i miss having the little tykes around .	thank you now i can not retire soon like you
12 that is true . you must take care of the family .	duties always first do you travel much
1 partner's persona: i hate the color pink.
2 partner's persona: my father was a construction worker.
3 partner's persona: i'm a huge coffee lover.
4 partner's persona: i enjoy mountain biking as a hobby.
5 hi , how is it going ?	it is going well how about yourself ?
6 going good , drinking coffee lol i love coffee	drinking coffee ? what time is it there ?
7 830 pm haha my dad is a construction worker so he works really late nights	oh i see , both of my parents are well off bankers
8 really lucky bet you are loaded	yes but they forced me to go to yale for finance
9 ugh but you'll thank them later on , i enjoy mountain biking in my spare time you ?	i enjoy going for long drives in my bmw
10 your text box is pink , i really dislike that color	oh no i'm sorry not sure how to change that
11 haha probably can not . it was just always forced down my throat because i am more tom boy	what kind of things do you like to do ?
12 i like to watch shows and movies and play games . you ?	what is your favorite game ? i enjoy video games
1 partner's persona: i will be released in about a month.
2 partner's persona: i am currently in a juvenile detention center.
3 partner's persona: my mom is coming to visit me tomorrow.
4 partner's persona: i feel old.
5 what are you doing right now ? i'm caged up for another month	sorry to hear . it is my birthday today !
6 happy birthday ! will you see your mom ? mine is coming to see me tomorrow	no , no . i just turned 100 , believe it or not .
7 i feel about a hundred sitting here in juvenile detention , how will you celebrate ?	maybe i'll just drink wine and dance all night in the moonlight . love it .
8 you are still breathing . when i'm free in a month , then i will breathe .	of course . i feel so strong for my age , i might just live for an eternity !
9 dancing at 100 ? you sure you just dream about dancing ? maybe too much wine ?	gotta celebrate ! i am so old , i recall when nobody owned a tv .
10 i work out to stay strong in juvenile detention . i do not have a tv sadly	yeah , juvenile detention does wind back the clock .
11 feeling older than dirt , but freedom in a month , what wine do you drink ?	red wine . it is good for the heart . try a cabernet .
1 partner's persona: i was born in the early 80 s.
2 partner's persona: i also like old school hip hop.
3 partner's persona: my favorite toy as a child as my lite brite.
4 partner's persona: i take dance lessons once a week.
5 partner's persona: i love new kids on the block.
6 i like to dance in class once a week	how interesting ! i like to rock climb , it is my favorite activity .
7 i am really old born early 80s but like old hip hop .	i work as a mechanical engineer , i love my job
8 do you like new kids on the block ? i love em	i like them , my black lab trooper enjoys their music as well .
9 reminds me of a time as a child my lite brite favorite toy .	nowadays it is rare to see any kids have them over here in colorado
10 yes i love to dance classes once a week 21	what kind of dance is it ?
11 hip hop get down and hip in the times man old school real stuff	sounds like it is really fun !
12 real kids on the block i love getting down and hip	cool ! have you seen them live !
13 no i can't see anymore i just move with the flow	oh , they must be a great band !
1 partner's persona: i live in canada.
2 partner's persona: i'm in the army.
3 partner's persona: my grandfather served in world war a.
4 partner's persona: i did not graduate high school.
5 partner's persona: my favourite food is shawarma.
6 hi , where are you from , i'm currently living in canada	i live in hollywood . in a very expensive house
7 whoa , wish i lived there , i didn't even finish high school	that is okay i didn't either . i just found a boy toy to buy me nice things
8 nice , boy toys are fun , i am actually in the army now	that is very impressive ! what do you do in the army ?
9 sanitation department , nothing special , i got in because my grandfather was in world war 2	what an honorable man . connections are all that matter in this world
10 not really , i'm overweight , my best food in the arm is shwarma	hopefully being in the army is a good diet . i love to diet
11 my best food in the army is shawarma	that doesn't sound fun . if i go 1 week without caviar i would die
12 yeah i use caviar when i go fishing , that is about it .	honestly its kinda gross , but it costs a lot which makes me want to buy it
13 nice things cost money , get your boyfriend to buy it , if he buys you hollywood houses	that's why i love him
1 partner's persona: my favorite season is winter.
2 partner's persona: i love cats and have two cats.
3 partner's persona: i won a gold medal in the 1992 olympics.
4 partner's persona: i've a weakness for vanilla ice cream.
5 partner's persona: i have a hat collection of over 1000 hats.
6 are you as fired up about winter coming as i am ?	winter is very lonely though
7 if you are lonely get a cat . i have two of those .	cats are good but unsure if my bees would like
8 i've a huge hat collection including a beekeeper hat for cats .	great what is your favorite type of hat
9 my favorite are baseball hats . i've at least six hundred of those .	quite the collector my wife has as many heels
10 back in 1992 i collected a hat from every olympic team .	love the games we root for italy
11 italy is awesome . the best vanilla ice cream i ever tasted was from italy .	vanilla is a favorite , real gelato is my weakness
12 do you like sports ? i had an athletic career a long time ago .	i loved tennis in my younger days
13 do you remember the 1992 olympic womens doubles match ?	yes gigi and mary joe heck of a game
1 partner's persona: i like to tan in tanning beds.
2 partner's persona: i love listening to britney spears.
3 partner's persona: i am high maintenance.
4 partner's persona: i love spending money.
5 do you like britney spears ?	i'm not familiar with her music , i'm only 23 .
6 do you make a lot of money ? i just got back from the tanning salon !	no i don't . i travel a lot and take on odd jobs .
7 where do you travel too ? i just dumped my ex for traveling too often .	anywhere with delicious food . i am a big foodie , although i am a lousy cook .
8 what kind of foods do you enjoy ? i love cooking but never do it	i love anything new . i try not to eat the same dish twice .
9 where do you draw your line of morality you paint so vividly ?	i actually don't paint . do you ?
10 quite often i find it a good source of meditation . do you meditate ?	i do meditate , but not as often as i should . it helps me de stress .
11 have you ever looked into meta cognition ?	no i've not . what is that ?
1 partner's persona: i have not spoken in three months.
2 partner's persona: i like meditation.
3 partner's persona: i live in alaska.
4 partner's persona: i quit my job to pursue my spirituality full time.
5 hello . do you walk the road of spirituality ?	not really i tend to walk the road to the nearest shopping mall ! lol
6 understandable friend . the materialistic life has its appeal .	unfortunately for me that means my home is filled with shoes and clothing . you ?
7 my home is filled with only the essentials for survival .	you sound very centered . i like my life , my family doesn t seem to .
8 perhaps . but i live a life of solitude . i miss family .	i like solitude too . maybe that s why i m infatuated with time and watches .
9 time given physical form is indeed intriguing . but meditation is my infatuation .	isn t meditation just like napping ?
10 spiritual napping . full time spiritual napping . it has been three months since i talked in fact .	i've to talk . i work at a discount watch dealer . time out . heard of them ?
11 i've not . no watch dealers out here in the tundra .	we ship anywhere . our motto is tick tick , losing track of time is sick
12 i respect that dedication . but i must go . the bears have breached my homestead fence .	lol , i must go too . the imelda marcos shoe collection on qvc is on
1 partner's persona: i plan to go to business school next year.
2 partner's persona: i grew up in manhattan.
3 partner's persona: i drive a bmw.
4 partner's persona: i graduated from yale in 2011 with a degree in finance.
5 i drive a german car , what kind of car do you drive ?	i drive my boyfriends ford raptor .
6 never heard of the ford raptor .	it is a truck . i blast old school rap when i drop him off for work .
7 i see , must be a powerful vehicle , do you know the engine size ?	i do not . i wrecked my mustang , and haven't replaced it yet .
8 i plan on selling my bmw to go to school .	i take dance lessons . what are you going to school for ?
9 i like to study business	what was your favorite toy growing up ? mine is the lite brite .
10 i enjoyed playing with model cars .	my dad built those . he still has them .
11 interesting , i don't have mine , anymore .	some of his go back 40 years .
1 partner's persona: my father played violin professionally.
2 partner's persona: i enjoy exploring new parts of the city.
3 partner's persona: i'm a piano teacher on the side.
4 partner's persona: i play several instruments.
5 partner's persona: i volunteer at the homeless shelter.
6 hello , how are you tonight	i am in just got in from walking my dog . how are you ?
7 i'm very well , thank you for asking . i'm going for a walk later .	will you be walking alone ?
8 no , my husband will be going with me . we like to explore our city .	that sounds fun . what do you and your husband do ?
9 i give music lessons and do volunteer work . he's a detective .	wow , that is so interesting . i play pro tennis .
10 i have never played , is it hard ?	not really no just have to focus . hard to play being pregnant though .
11 oh , lucky you . congrats ! we have teens .	thank you this , is my third . nervous about the teen years . is it hard ?
12 teens are crazy , i swear they need more supervision than toddlers .	oh my , how old are they ?
13 the boys are 15 16 , our girl is 14 . all are honor students , but sometimes .	how do you handle them dating ?
1 partner's persona: i grow roses in my garden.
2 partner's persona: i love to drink fancy tea.
3 partner's persona: i'm a museum tour guide.
4 partner's persona: i'm partly deaf.
5 hello there , how are you today ?	i am doing great i just got an apartment
6 that is wonderful , you should decorate with some pretty roses !	hmm would you mean live roses in a vase or paint them on the wals ?
7 i would prefer live roses , i have a garden full of them !	i wis i could grow stuff but too busy going to college
8 does your new apartment have a nice sun room to sit out and drink fancy tea ?	nope very small studio since i'm going to college
9 you should use any spare time to go to a museum , you might see me !	do work work there or just go to enjoy it . . ?
10 i'm the best tour guide around !	nice you can exercise while you work
11 oh are you into fitness type things ?	not really i get my exercise working in a bar to pay for school
1 partner's persona: i love new kids on the block.
2 partner's persona: i was born in the early 80 s.
3 partner's persona: i take dance lessons once a week.
4 partner's persona: i also like old school hip hop.
5 hello ! you like tupac or new kids on the block ?	i liked new kids on the block when i was a kid in the 90s !
6 i was born in 1981 . i take dance lessons too .	i cannot dance at all . but i can wrestle !
7 i can not wrestle . i'm afraid i'd break something .	i , being a professional wrestler , have broken a few bones . . .
8 i bet . is it really dangerous , like portrayed on tv ?	no , it is all fake . you only get hurt if you aren't paying attention .
9 i would get hurt a lot , with my adhd	i see , do you take any medication for that ?
10 no , it is entirely diet controlled .	wow , so you like avoid certain foods or something ?
11 i do . i had to go to a nutritionist . i also take fish oil .	do you think it is working ?
12 i do . what else do you like to do ?	i volunteer at a shelter . i was homeless once , i want to give back
1 partner's persona: i was raised on a horse farm.
2 partner's persona: my family has raised horses for a generations.
3 partner's persona: i'm from a small town.
4 partner's persona: i dream of moving to the city.
5 hello ! how are you today ?	very well , now that the wife and kiddos are in bed .
6 do you have a big family ?	we have three kiddos , so there is never any ice cream in the house .
7 you should start hiding it ! i come a large family and i sometimes do the same .	i tried hiding it in the peas , but my wife found it .
8 maybe you will need to sneak off to the ice cream shop alone sometimes .	its easily done on the way to clients houses , plumbers are always on the go .
9 there aren't any ice cream shops near me , i live in a very small town .	we go on the way to the parks too , in the next town .
10 that sounds great ! do you live in a large city ? that is my dream .	i don't . i live in the country , with dogs , kids and chaos .
11 i live on a big horse farm , i was born and raised here .	that would be amazing . i love horses .
12 they are amazing animals . honestly , i prefer them over most people .	i prefer animals over most people too .
1 partner's persona: i have three children.
2 partner's persona: my wife and kids are the best.
3 partner's persona: i am a plumber.
4 partner's persona: my favorite ice cream flavor is chocolate.
5 partner's persona: i love going to the park with my three children and my wife.
6 hi , how are y o u ?	hello . i'm on a diet , so i'm hungry ! !
7 drink lots of water , it helps big time	i do , as well as spending a lot of time in my tanning bed .
8 cool , my wife loves to tan	i have been told i'm as high maintenance as britney spears , and we look alike .
9 well i'm very low maintenance , i work as a plumber lol	my husband is a cop , i don't work . only spend his money .
10 must be nice . do you have kids ?	we do not . thankfully , i would not have this body if i did .
11 i've three and my wife is still hot	i work out three hours a day , i am trying to break into acting .
12 good luck with t h a t	thank you . we live in south florida , so it is stiff competition .
1 partner's persona: i go to the gym most days just to socialize.
2 partner's persona: i work from home.
3 partner's persona: i watch too much tv in spare time.
4 partner's persona: i like to spend my money on cars.
5 hello how are you doing	i'm well . where are you from ?
6 i'm from new york . how about you ?	i'm from florida . do you have any family
7 i've my parents . how about you ?	my wife and i've two children and three dogs
8 you have a pretty full house .	we do indeed . do you like sports ? i love the nfl and nba
9 i like college ball . i also like nascar .	what college team is your favorite ? i like north carolina myself
10 i like usc a lot	coach enfield is a bum !
11 ha ha . not a fan i see .	yeah i think he will go down in this latest scandal
12 we all have our opinions lol	yes we do . mine are usually the best
1 partner's persona: i am a bee farmer.
2 partner's persona: my favorite food is papaya.
3 partner's persona: i married a super model from italy.
4 partner's persona: i've zero family that i am close to.
5 hi , just got back from tending my bees !	oh , hi you must be buzzing ? my dogs are afraid of bees .
6 ha , i love dogs , but my italian wife does not !	no bees for me , it is a scary way to die . an allergic reaction .
7 i understand , i am glad i am not allergic to papaya , i eat a lot of it !	it is a healthy fruit . i love baked goods it is my heaven .
8 my mom used to bake , but i don't see her anymore .	sorry to hear that . my mom knitted and passed it on to me .
9 that's great , could you knit something for my wife ?	sure , christmas is near so scarfs are in the works for the family .
10 she models clothing , so she may wear it on the runway !	that sounds great , i always dreamed about my creations on the catwalk .
11 i think your scarfs would look wonderful !	there are very unique and one of a kind i will send you pictures .
1 partner's persona: i walk dogs for a living.
2 partner's persona: i'm an avid kayaker.
3 partner's persona: my parents taught me survival skills.
4 partner's persona: i enjoy reading journals and guides related to psychology.
5 i stroll up and down the street .	that's cool i do a lot of walking as a kindergarten teacher
6 i enjoy the great outdoors and being in the water .	do you do a lot of hiking ?
7 yes and boating . love being outdoors and reading .	oh what is your favorite book ? mine is the hunger games .
8 i read do self help guides and journals .	those can be very good for improving oneself .
9 yes and learning new abilities you have for yourself . you realize you have unknown abilities .	i know what you mean , i'm improving singing .
10 that is wonderful finding your internal self through singing , i do that while floating on my kayak .	recently i have been singing alot of taylor swift .
11 i love her songs , my mom taught me to always be all i could be .	yeah , i feel like she has grown quite a bit as musician .
1 partner's persona: i go to the gym regularly.
2 partner's persona: i have short hair.
3 partner's persona: two dogs live with me.
4 partner's persona: i like doing the treadmill and rowing machine.
5 hi there ! how are you today ?	hey ! i'm fine , thanks . just got back from work . how are you ?
6 pretty good . i just got back from the gym . i go there all the time .	i should go . i work at burger king , and the food is making me gain weight .
7 i like the treadmill and rowing machine the best . they might work for you .	cool , thanks ! my parents have a treadmill i can use , but i really want to move out .
8 do you only live with your parents ? i've two dogs myself .	oh nice ! and yes , i do . they are always on my back , though .
9 well , that'sn't cool . they need to give you some room .	i agree . i don't even drink , or do drugs , or anything .
10 what do you look like ? i've short black hair and blue eyes .	i'm a pretty average looking 19 year old .
11 ah , i am a bit older than you . you sound like an interesting person though .	you , too ! i should probably get going , but it was great to talk to you !
12 great to talk to you too !	oh , actually , i have a little time .
1 partner's persona: i am 40 years old.
2 partner's persona: i hate my job.
3 partner's persona: i am planning on getting a divorce.
4 partner's persona: i work as a car salesman.
5 how are you ? my life is a mess that i hate .	i am okay , i miss people , but i am not allowed on the computers .
6 really i wonder why , but i may be bitter as i am divorced .	i am in juvie , they do not permit us on the computers .
7 oh ok , i need it for my salesman job .	my mom is visiting in the morning , it is the first time i have seen her .
8 oh wow , how old are you ? i'm 40 .	17 , i took my boyfriends auto theft charge , he has a record , i don't .
9 oh ok , i guess you type so slow because you never use computers ?	i do not type slow , .
10 oh ok it must be my computer than .	must be . are you having bad weather tonight ?
11 no not at all , clear skies tonight .	i don't know then . i was a hacker before i was sentenced to juvie .
12 oh wow , i'd rather do that than my job .	my dad taught me when i was young .
1 partner's persona: i've blonde hair and blue eyes.
2 partner's persona: i work at a bar at night to pay for college.
3 partner's persona: i recently got an apartment with my best friend.
4 partner's persona: i'm in college to become a nurse.
5 partner's persona: i don't like chicken.
6 blonde hair and blue hair describe me	hey , i'm 8 and a big third grader that loves the playground .
7 on the weekdays i work at a bar to pay for college . nice	my friends and i sing the frozen songs but mickey is my hero . what college ?
8 my best friend and i got a luxury apartment	disney world is my favorite place to go with my family .
9 we are both becoming nurses	i've a long time before i get to live away from home .
10 chicken is something we do not like	a nurse sounds like a great job . i love everything chicken .
11 yeah most people do without blue letters to the left	i wish it wasn't raining out so me and my friends could go to the playground .
12 very cool sounds fun and cool	being 8 , my only worry is will the teacher catch the passing of the note .
13 nice very cool cool cool	i bet you have a lot to worry about .
1 partner's persona: i like doing the treadmill and rowing machine.
2 partner's persona: i have short hair.
3 partner's persona: eating is something i do when i'm bored.
4 partner's persona: two dogs live with me.
5 partner's persona: i go to the gym regularly.
6 hi how are you doing ?	i'm enjoying a burger and fries , you ?
7 i just ate a sandwich tonight it was good too .	yum ! i love eating in my house with my boyfriend
8 me too my hair is growing how is yours ?	but i never drink soda , that stuff is terrible for you !
9 yes it is but i drink it i love soda .	i have heard soda makes your hair grow fast
10 i love to work out do you	soda is also great for cleaning toilets ! !
11 i will have to try that later sounds cool .	working out is ok , kinda fun if you like that
12 yes i love to ride the bikes .	i ride my bike to go get burgers and fries !
1 partner's persona: i am a descendant of christopher columbus.
2 partner's persona: i love to cook paella.
3 partner's persona: i visit europe twice a year.
4 partner's persona: i'm an art major in college.
5 partner's persona: i've a weakness for fish and chips.
6 hi am going to college and art is my major ,	that sounds lovely . i work as a waitress from time to time for extra money .
7 two times a year i visit europe since i've descended from christopher columbus .	i love celebrating columbus day !
8 wonderful . i just love fish and chips . it is my weakness . i love to cook paella	i am not much into cooking . i do ride motorbike though .
9 do you know what paella is ? neither do i .	yes , it is a mixture of ingredients kind of thrown in one pan .
10 well i do not know why i love to cook it . it does not sound very tasty .	i do like meat and rice , but i do not go for things like snails or oysters .
11 yuck . . . snails . i would never eat a snail .	you are funny ! did you ever ride motorbike ? i love it !
12 no , i never have . i'd die if i did . i just know it .	well i do wear a helmet to keep from brain injury !
13 that's good unless your head falls off . what then ?	well , i am hoping to keep my head !
1 partner's persona: my favorite type of music to sing is folk music.
2 partner's persona: i also work as a custodian to help pay the bills.
3 partner's persona: i play the piano and guitar and sing.
4 partner's persona: i am a musician and hope to make it big some day.
5 partner's persona: my parents aren't very supportive of my dream.
6 hi , how are you ?	terrible , there are scorpions everywhere . please send help .
7 i'm a musician . one day i hope to make it big .	i play banjo in the band i formed with my fellow postal workers .
8 my husband is a postal worker . my parents are not supportive of my dream .	why have you not sent help ? ! the scorpions are stinging my legs ! ree ! ! ! ! ! ! !
9 i sing , play the banjo and the guitar . am a custodian to pay the bills .	dad i'm sorry i didn't support your nascar dream ! these scorpions are my punishment
10 i will sing my favorite folk music . it will help to calm in your distress .	the pain from these scorpions is unending , everything is turning grey
11 i agree , you are being punished for not supporting your loving father .	i see the light , dad . i am coming . i'll be in the passenger seat dad
12 i am singing happy folk song music in rejoice .	oh god why is there fire , why is there fire ? this isn't nascar
13 are the scorpions gone at least ?	there are scorpions everywhere ! ! ! seas of scorpions for miles in all directions ! ree ! ! !
1 partner's persona: gymnastics is my favorite sport.
2 partner's persona: i workout four hours a day.
3 partner's persona: my favorite color is yellow.
4 partner's persona: i'm a gold medalist olympian.
5 i just had the best workout ! time to wash my clothes .	so did i just came back from it and eating a papaya
6 i love fruit . papaya turns my favorite color when it is ripe .	its my fave fruit . i do not have family close by
7 where do you live ? i move around a lot to compete in the olympics .	names george by the way , and am married to a super model from italy
8 i'm leigh ! do you like gymnastics ?	no but i became a bee farmer
9 that's a really neat job . do you get stung ?	some times but that's why i wear the bee suit t
10 i'd way rather workout than get stung by bees . you are brave .	haha most do , which i can understand
11 i'd like some honey though . do you sell it ?	sure you can always purchase on my website
12 or i can trade you honey for tickets to the upcoming olympics i'm in .	we can go for a trade that sounds awesome
1 partner's persona: i like to work on vintage cars.
2 partner's persona: i've two dogs.
3 partner's persona: my favorite music is country.
4 partner's persona: i own two vintage mustangs.
5 hello . how are you doing ?	good . what is your job ?
6 i work on old cars . how about you ?	i am retired and used to teach gym in school .
7 do you have any hobbies in retirement ?	i often volunteer at a local soup kitchen .
8 that is kind of you . do you have any pets ?	i don't have any pets .
9 i love both my dogs very much .	i like cheeseburgers almost as much as you love your dogs !
10 that is a bold statement to make !	i must be bold because i grew up in a poor household .
11 fortune favors the bold . do you like music ?	i like the music in the war documentaries that i enjoy watching .
12 my favorite music to listen to is country .	do you attend concerts often ?
1 partner's persona: i helped design the game starcraft.
2 partner's persona: i am a recluse.
3 partner's persona: i am a famous twitch streamer.
4 partner's persona: i'm working on a building a robot to be my body double.
5 hi , how are you today ?	good . tired . i had to walk my three dogs .
6 i love dogs ! do you know the game starcraft ?	i do . i haven't played it tho .
7 i designed parts of it , i am a popular twitch streamer .	oh very cool . i go on twitch for my pot farm updates .
8 pot farm updates ? like a real pot farm ?	no , the game pot farm .
9 oh , i do not know of it . sounds fun though lol	it is a cool game . i play it daily .
10 i am going to have to look it up .	right on ! i own a dog walking service .
11 that sounds so fun and like perfect exercise .	it is a lot of hard work .
12 since you have your own dogs it must be easy .	it is now . it was harder when i first started .
1 partner's persona: i'm a vegan.
2 partner's persona: my bedroom is purple and lime green.
3 partner's persona: i have brown curly hair.
4 partner's persona: i like riding horses.
5 partner's persona: i will graduate from high school in two years.
6 hi there how are you doing ?	i'm doing well . how are you ?
7 good just tired from painting my room purple with lime green	wow that sounds pretty . do you live with family ?
8 yes atleast for 2 more years till i graduate high school	cool ! my older sister lives with me right now .
9 so what are your likes and dislikes	i love travis scott and playing basketball !
10 is he not the one having a baby by k jenner	you are correct , he's !
11 i feel like her sister is more pretty	my mom , who is a dentist , hates all of them !
12 haha yea so does mine	what is your dream career ? i'm looking for employment at a restaurant .
13 ceo of my own beauty products	wow ! that is a very lofty dream .
1 partner's persona: i love social medial especially twitter.
2 partner's persona: i buy only organic food products.
3 partner's persona: i spend a lot of time browsing the internet.
4 partner's persona: i'm a feminist.
5 hi how are you today	i'm great today just bought my first house , you ?
6 that is exciting ! i'm just updating my twitter status . i'm doing great	happy for you , just making my meals for the meal , it is tough being an omnivore .
7 i will only eat organic food it took some getting use to but i love it now	i'm trying to eat healthy because i'm pregnant .
8 oh wow congrats ! your life most be very exciting now	i do my best for sure , have twins on the way in two months .
9 aww are they both boys or girls ?	both girls ! i can not wait to meet them !
10 i bet . the highlight of my life is looking around the internet .	do you do anything else for fun ?
11 not really i do go to feminist rallies a lot	sounds like quite an exciting life you live .
12 it can be at times but social media makes me feel better	i just want to live a happy life with my children .
1 partner's persona: i volunteer in a homeless shelter.
2 partner's persona: in my spare time i do volunteer work.
3 partner's persona: i like to workout a a times a week.
4 partner's persona: i am a professional wrestler.
5 partner's persona: i enjoy being around people.
6 hello , how are you this morning ?	i survived cancer for 3 years ! ! i'm cancer free ! !
7 how cool ! congratulations ! you should come watch me wrestle .	yeah sure ! i run marathons i'm preparing one for this summer
8 i run as well as put a lot of time on the weights .	that's awesome i'm also a clean eater
9 i'm on a raw diet . have you tried it ?	no i have never tried raw diet before
10 you may like it . do you volunteer ? i do at a shelter .	no but i've a new job as a life coach
11 that's awesome too , you should stop by the shelter .	my parents are extremely athletic
12 what do they do ? are they pros ?	i started my new job yesterday i really like it so far .
13 what do they do ? are they pros ?	they're heath coaches
1 partner's persona: i'm four years old.
2 partner's persona: i like to eat chocolate candy.
3 partner's persona: when i grow up i want to be a dog.
4 partner's persona: i like to look at blocks and sing about letters.
5 hello ! my name is johny i am four years of age . how are you ?	hi ! pleased to meet you . i am great , just baking cookies at home . my favorite hobby !
6 oh my favorite hobby is to look at blocks of stone and sing about the alphabet !	that is so unique ! knitting is another deep passion of mine .
7 mom said i can be anything so i'll become a dog when i'm older . you ?	i hope to open a business . like the countrywide bake sale i'm now at !
8 my favorite food is chocolate candy , do you bake any chocolate pastry ?	no , i avoid chocolate in case my dog gets into my treats
9 dogs ! i love dogs so much ! what is your dogs name ?	i named my dog ralph . do you have any pets ?
10 i have a cat named mittens !	that is so precious . how long have you had your cat ?
11 i have had it for one year , my mom gave it to me as a present !	what a great gift ! i once gave my sister a goldfish .
1 partner's persona: i drive a big truck and live in country.
2 partner's persona: i only listen to country music.
3 partner's persona: i'm an electrician.
4 partner's persona: i work my parents farms.
5 hiya , i don't see many people as i live on a farm owned by my parents	yeah i live at a farm in colorado as well so i don't see many people .
6 wow coincidence ! i actually have a trade electrician you ?	i work as a mechanical engineer , mostly on farm equipment and trucks .
7 lots in common ! what music do you like ? county is my fave	i don't listen to much music , i spend my free time rock climbing .
8 more active than me i drive everywhere in my big truck . do you drive ?	yeah i drive sometimes to my parents to see my dog called trooper .
9 aww , i do not have pets except the animals on the farm my parents have	he's a black labrador retriever , saved my life when i was a kid . what animals ?
10 amazing what is his name ? sheep mostly	his name is trevor , anyway i gotta go soon , it was nice chatting with you !
11 unusual name , but glad he saved you so we could chat !	see you later partner , good luck with your farm !
12 and you , both out in the country	okay , time to part ways now , see ya !
1 partner's persona: i eat a raw diet.
2 partner's persona: i am an economics major.
3 partner's persona: i am married with two kids.
4 partner's persona: i just bought a house recently.
5 hello ! how are you doing today ?	i'm good ! i just finished a book ! i read 1 every week
6 ah that's great . nothing like a good book !	yeah ! and i really enjoy a good documentary
7 i do not have so much time anymore , just moved in a new house .	congrats ! i just started my new pa job 3 months ago !
8 oh i don't have a job yet , just finished my economy major .	that's good though ! i'm about to have my first child ! i'm pregnant
9 oh congrats ! i'm married as well and got two kids !	nice ! i just have my husband and we live in pa
10 sorry i gotta go so soon , i'm on a strict raw diet and have to eat !	interesting ! good luck with that !
11 it was nice talking to you , good luck with your pa job !	thank you very much you too !
1 partner's persona: i spend most of my time on facebook when i am not working.
2 partner's persona: i do not believe in god.
3 partner's persona: i work at a nursing home.
4 partner's persona: my wife left me and took my children.
5 partner's persona: i'm overweight and unhappy.
6 hi . i am home on facebook since i don not work today .	hi . i live in the country , raise horse but i want to move to the big city .
7 i use to live in the country with my wife .	i want to move to the big city and be a lawyer .
8 my wife left me . she took our children .	i am so sorry to hear that .
9 i am so overweight and very unhappy .	maybe you should change your lifestyle . start exercising .
10 i don't believe in god , maybe that is the problem .	is there anything good in your life ?
11 i got a new job in a nursing home .	well , that is good . do you enjoy the work ?
12 i did actually . maybe this is what i need .	i hope things get better for you . maybe you should spend time with some horses .
13 that sounds nice . do you have horses ?	born and raised on a horse farm . spent my entire life with horses .
1 partner's persona: whats up i'm a 46 year old single dad 46 a kids.
2 partner's persona: i live in california but the recording artist market was dead last year.
3 partner's persona: i'm a recording engineer and own my own studio.
4 partner's persona: i prefer being inside.
5 partner's persona: my ex cheated and left me for a lawyer.
6 hey there , how are you ?	i am doing well thank you how are you ?
7 i'm good thank you	how old are you ? i'm in my mid thirties .
8 i am a bit older , i am 46	are you married ? i m single but i have two dogs .
9 no i am single , my ex cheated on me with a lawyer !	oh no ! that is why i just stay to myself . i do not like cheaters .
10 i became very insecure and now spend most of my time inside	you should learn to play chess . i really like it .
11 my passion is music , i've my own studio	how nice ! do you sing ?
12 no , i am a recording engineer	that sounds interesting . i like to sing .
1 partner's persona: i didn't graduate high school.
2 partner's persona: i'm in the army.
3 partner's persona: my grandfather served in world war a.
4 partner's persona: my favourite food is shawarma.
5 partner's persona: i live in canada.
6 hi friend how are you this night ?	hi , i just spray painted my hair rainbow color , am i weird ?
7 no ! lots of people do things like that .	yeah , do you like animals ? i am know to be a animal activist
8 a little . i am from canada and i just joined the army .	let me guess , your grandfather was in ww2 ?
9 no he was in world 1 . how about you grandfather ?	he was in ww2 , how old are you ?
10 i just turned 31 last month . and got a new car .	cool , i'm too old for me to even say , what kind of car did you get ?
11 i got a volvo s 40 . and i'm liking it .	cool , i spend most of my time watching birds with my cats
12 nice you have cats ? what color fur ?	they're black and orange
13 that's really cool i like cats .	cool , tell me something interesting about yourself
1 partner's persona: my favorite shirts are band shirts and ruffle sleeves.
2 partner's persona: my favorite hobbies are listening to music and playing video games.
3 partner's persona: i love wearing skinny jeans and leggings.
4 partner's persona: i'm rather skinny as i like to stay in shape.
5 partner's persona: i am a blonde girl with really short hair.
6 good day how are you	how are you doing today
7 i am good listening to music , playing some video games . how about you ?	i am doing very well
8 that's good . are you married ?	yes and have two animals
9 what kind of animals ? i love taking my dog for runs to stay in shape .	they are cats . they don't like being outside
10 i had one but she tore up all my favorite band t shirts and ruffle sleeved tops .	that would be so bad
11 yes now i've nothing but sweaters to wear with my skinny jeans and leggings .	well at least something fits
12 what do you do for a living ?	the olympic training and suh
13 wow is that hard ? i just make youtube videos about gaming .	yeah it is sometimes . yours sounds more difficult
1 partner's persona: hey my name is larry and i'm a chef.
2 partner's persona: l also love comic books.
3 partner's persona: i love cooking but i also enjoy fishing.
4 partner's persona: if i'm not cooking in the kitchen then i'm definitely on the water.
5 hello there ! my name is larry and i love to cook .	haha nice to meet you larry . what kind of food ?
6 i'm an american chef that also loves fishing .	oh that's cool . i only eat organic kinds of food
7 that is great ! i spend all my time out of the kitchen on the water .	haha awesome . i use the internet a lot . especially twitter
8 i've never been on twitter . i read comics though . still life twitter .	oh man its awesome . i'm always up to date with gossip
9 maybe you can fill me in on what i am missing ?	well i am a bit of a feminist . and us women are about to raise hell
10 oh dear ! what is the hot topic right now ? don't say trump !	its def trump . he is a racist anti women anti god anti dogs , he hates rabbits
11 he hates air if it is not making him money . he won't last longer .	yea us women are gonna go on twitter and tell everyone how racist he's
12 maybe i'll login and follow some of the action .	maybe you should . i need a organic chicken salad so bad
1 partner's persona: my friends are all skateboarders.
2 partner's persona: my favourite skater is rob dryden.
3 partner's persona: i am always wearing a hat.
4 partner's persona: i am a skateboarder.
5 hiya , just wondering if you have any hobbies ? i love skateboarding	i love listening to the who .
6 cool group . i'm not into music much , i don't have much time	do you work a lot ? i work at a local supermarket here in ohio .
7 no , i do not seem to have a job just skateboarding with all my friends !	are you able to travel ? i ve never let ohio .
8 i like travel and follow rob dryden around . would you like to travel	yes . i want to go to chicago for black olive pizza . my fave .
9 my fave too ! always hungry after skateboarding . what else do you like ?	my kitty spook . do you like cats ?
10 not much , they run in front of my skateboard good job i wear a hat !	what kind of hat do you wear ?
11 helmets , like rob dryden when skating . do you like fashion ?	eh , not so much i guess .
12 there are lots of choices . do you wear a uniform to work ?	yes i do . khaki pants and blue polo shirts . boring , but it s a job .
1 partner's persona: i have visited spain a times.
2 partner's persona: i am a librarian.
3 partner's persona: i am 60years old.
4 partner's persona: i think i'll retire in a few years.
5 hey sonny , want to rent a book ?	i am still learning to read english . i am somali .
6 oh . . no want wants a book . . . i should just retire .	i do like dancing . do you have any books on dance ?
7 i do , but they're all in spanish . i got them in spain you see .	why were you in spain ? i was in somalia until my aunt help me escape .
8 i was searching the world for books . spain has a lot of them .	spain sounds lovely ! in somalia i was being forced to marry someone i hated . . . .
9 in all my sixty years i never did see a library in somalia . how tragic .	don't get me wrong , not all of somalia is bad , just . . . restricted . . . for women .
10 is it true the age expectancy is 13 ?	it all depends . some of us are lucky and it is why i live in the us now .
11 i feel like this newfangled internet will force me to retire in a few years .	so funny ! i only found it a few years ago and it opened my world .
1 partner's persona: i like to workout a a times a week.
2 partner's persona: i volunteer in a homeless shelter.
3 partner's persona: i'm a professional wrestler.
4 partner's persona: i enjoy being around people.
5 partner's persona: in my spare time i do volunteer work.
6 hi how is your day going ?	hi mine is going very slow how is yours ?
7 i am busy volunteering at a homeless shelter .	having three dogs keeps me busying cleaning my house .
8 cleaning house must be a great workout . i love working out several times a week	it is a great work out .
9 cool where do you work ?	i'm a homemaker you ?
10 professional wrestler here . that is why i workout so much	i thought i would always be a door to door salesperson as my father was .
11 ah cool you must love being around people too . we have that in common	yes i do one of the reason i'm in a poly amorous relationship
12 that's awesome . what do you do in your spare time ?	i love hiking or being in the outdoors how about you ?
13 i volunteer whenever i am able .	i love to volunteer as well .
1 partner's persona: my favorite type of music to sing is folk music.
2 partner's persona: my parents are not very supportive of my dream.
3 partner's persona: i'm a musician and hope to make it big some day.
4 partner's persona: i play the piano and guitar and sing.
5 partner's persona: i also work as a custodian to help pay the bills.
6 hi ! i've dreams of being a big musician . what are your dreams ?	hello , i'm living mine as a life coach !
7 nice . when i am not singing , playing piano or guitar , i am a custodian .	the custodian at the hospital where i did chemotherapy was very nice .
8 are your parents supportive ? mine are not when it comes to my dreams .	not unless it is sports related .
9 folk is my favorite type of music . what is yours ?	i prefer metal . i do love rap too .
10 so do i . i am eating sushi for lunch , what about you ?	fruits and some vegetables , anything that's clean .
11 i am a clean eater as well . do you exercise ? i do and i love it .	i do . i am a runner , i do all of the run disney races .
12 interesting . i never heard of those races . sounds like fun .	they are . i like to dress up in costume while running .
1 partner's persona: i work in it and have been at the same company for 15 years.
2 partner's persona: i've a children and a dogs.
3 partner's persona: i am a male.
4 partner's persona: i own a house in florida.
5 partner's persona: i enjoy american sports.
6 hello how are u tonight	man i'm starving ! can i tell you something embarrassing ?
7 sure i am a good listening male	ok . the backseat of my pinto was filled with donuts . i ate them all waiting in traffic
8 i love donuts do u own a house	then i ate another 3 dozen while playing dungeons and dragons
9 i own a house in miami florida and i enjoy sports	wait you own a house in miami ? that's insane ! expensive dude . hang on . i see a donut
10 i have a small bulldog and my son is 11 years old	what the heck ? this donut is as hard as a rock . dang it . a bulldog huh
11 i work in it and have been for 15 years do u work	i just licked the sugar off and threw it out the window you work in what ?
12 i work in it and have been for 15 years do u work	what the heck do you work in ? i found a soft donut ! my lucky day
13 i work for a computer company what is your job	i am in an insane band and do side hustles
1 partner's persona: i am a woman.
2 partner's persona: i enjoy gardening and walking outdoors.
3 partner's persona: i attend church every week.
4 partner's persona: i work as a school teacher.
5 hi , i am planning my lesson for class tomorrow .	awesome me too ! what do you teach ? i teach piano .
6 i teach science . i love gardening and the outdoors . so science is the best .	i like the outdoors also , especially exploring new places that i've not seen before .
7 yes , that is me also . i go on trips with my church group every summer .	that is good ! i don't attend church but i help out at the homeless shelter .
8 how nice of you . our church group does many charitable services .	that's nice ! i wish i had time ! what do you do for fun ?
9 i love to research flowers and plan my flower beds . i also have several indoor plants .	awesome ! i practice my instruments , i play a few . i guess i took after my dad .
10 i have a sensitive plant . my class loves it . what is your favorite instrument ?	whats that ? violin , my dad was a professional . i guess that is why i love it .
11 it is a plant that closes when you touch it . i like a good violin .	oh ! sorta like a venus fly trap ? those are neat .
12 yes , sorta , but it does not eat bugs . look them up online . very cool .	i defiantly will ! its been nice talking to you tonight !
1 partner's persona: they are constantly on my back.
2 partner's persona: i don't drink or do drugs or anything.
3 partner's persona: i work took i've a part time job at burger king.
4 partner's persona: i am 19 and i cannot wait to move out 19 my parents home.
5 hey how are you today ?	hi i am doing great how are you today
6 eh , bumming i have to work today . it s a whopper day .	where do you work ? i don't work anymore i just stream on twitch
7 the burger king . i work for money and to get away from my nagging parents	that sounds like a good job . i used to design a videogame
8 i wish i could program stuff . my mind doesn t work that way	are you still in school ? i was an engineering major
9 i didn t want to go to college until i figured out what i want to do .	that's very smart to do . after i finished school i started avoiding people
10 i m 19 and all my friends went away to school . i m still at home avoiding parents !	you'll figure out what you want to do soon enough .
11 you sound nice . it s not like i m an alcoholic or drug addict , just do have a passion	i am building a robot clone of myself so i do not have to go anywhere
12 that s impossible ! no way you can do that !	yeah i am very talented when it comes to technology i am even famous
1 partner's persona: i have a black lab named trooper.
2 partner's persona: i live in colorado.
3 partner's persona: i like to go hiking in the spring.
4 partner's persona: my favorite activity is rock climbing.
5 partner's persona: i am a mechanical engineer.
6 good day how are you today ?	doing just fine . just pulled some cookies out of the oven . smells heavenly .
7 sounds good , i just returned from a hike so cookies would be great right now	oh man . i bet my dogs would love going hiking . just not my thing though .
8 small world , i have a black lab and his name is trooper , what is your dogs name ?	i have a german shepherd named king and an english bulldog named major .
9 awesome , what do you do for a living ?	i actually a professional baker . what about you ?
10 that is why you made cookies ! my trade is mechanical engineer and i'm in colorado	i like being a baker . but i much prefer the county bake sale . love the competition .
11 i bet you will do great , i will stick to rock climbing	i have always wanted to visit colorado . is it as beautiful as it is on tv ?
12 i think so , the mountains are covered in snow , where are you located ?	i live in central virginia . lived here all my life . it is beautiful . but normal for me .
13 is there a hobby you have besides baking ?	my wife , my dogs and my baking are the loves of my life .
1 partner's persona: my sister is a pole dancer.
2 partner's persona: my favorite color is red.
3 partner's persona: i enjoy listening to classical music.
4 partner's persona: i can drive a tractor.
5 partner's persona: i am a christian.
6 hello ! how are you doing today ?	i just reached the age of majority , i can vote !
7 that's awesome ! what kind of music do you like ?	every kind . what about you ?
8 i like classical and gospel . i sing at church .	my favorite gospel singer is elvis presley . he looks like my pet fish
9 that is funny ! my sister is an entertainer . she dances on poles .	that must hurt . how old are you ?
10 i am 25 . i live on a farm and drive a red tractor .	a red tractor ? i love red tractors
11 yes . it is my favorite color . how old are you ?	i just turned 18 . we should get married and drive a red tractor
12 that is sweet ! i am already married , though .	so am i . but we could go hiking and look at the sunset
13 i love hiking ! and sunsets . i see amazing sunsets from my tractor .	lol i wish your tractor was orange . then it would match my wig
1 partner's persona: i was born in somalia.
2 partner's persona: now i live in the united states.
3 partner's persona: my aunt helped me escape when i was of.
4 partner's persona: i was forced to marry when i was a.
5 hello . do you live in united states ?	yes i do . where are you from ?
6 my nationality is from somalia	that is very interesting . what do you do for fun ?
7 i play games with my husband .	that's great . what games do you play ?
8 video games usually . you live in united states all your life ?	i've lived in the persian gulf but i'm from west virginia . what about yourself ?
9 i came after my aunt helped me escaped somalia when i was young	i am glad you are safe . are you happy where you are now ?
10 yes i am . i learned to love my husband that i had to marry .	i wish you could have have a choice in marriage . are you sure you are happy ?
11 yes . anything is better than somalia . thank you for asking	i'm glad you are living a better life . what kind of music do you listen too ?
1 partner's persona: i see the rolling stones in concert every year.
2 partner's persona: i'm married with two kids.
3 partner's persona: i eat a raw diet.
4 partner's persona: i just bought a house recently.
5 partner's persona: i am an economics major.
6 hi ! i am eating some raw spinach salad for lunch . you ?	sounds yummy , i am feeding horses , my lunch is later
7 cool ! my wife and kids love horses	i have three horses , how many children do you have ?
8 two kids . they love our new house . you have kids ?	not yet , just got married and pretty busy on the farm
9 nice . i have been studying farmers finances as part of my economics major	wow , complicated field that is changing everyday
10 definitely . i try to keep my brain sharp by eating a raw diet	me too , lucky to be on the farm , do you find your health improved ?
11 i do . i make sure to relax too by seeing the rolling stones once a year	great band ! i always have some rock playing while i work
12 do you work elsewhere besides the farm ?	not during harvest , my father needs full time help , you ?
13 i'm a full time college student right now while my wife supports us	that is great , building a family takes time , good luck
1 partner's persona: i enjoy coloring books.
2 partner's persona: my husband is adopted.
3 partner's persona: i've a german shepherd dog.
4 partner's persona: i live is a rural farming community.
5 hi , how are you ? sitting here with my beautiful shepherd .	hey ! german shepherd ? i am feeling pretty crappy right now .
6 yes ! when i'm down , i pick up my coloring book . i love them !	my wife spends so much money on those coloring books
7 my husband had a hard early life , then adopted , so he lets me get whatever !	how long have you been married ? my wife and i are separating soon .
8 so sorry . 5 years . and we live in the boondocks .	i wish i lived in the boondocks but i've to stay close to my crappy job .
9 yeah , well , we are farmers . sometimes it is a hard life .	that sounds better than what i do selling cars .
10 oh , yeah , i'd not like that . we have sheep , horses and german shepherds .	do you have kids too ?
11 two kids . and they like to color , too !	we have 2 kids too and they like to spend all my money
12 kids are good at that ! what about pets ?	we have a parrot who can be quite obnoxious .
1 partner's persona: i do like watching cooking shows.
2 partner's persona: hello i just moved here from germany.
3 partner's persona: i am not a good swimmer at all.
4 partner's persona: i love rollercoasters and sky diving.
5 partner's persona: i am a vegan and i love hummus.
6 hi there , i decided to pack up my belongings and move here from germany .	hello . that sounds fun , except i would move to the beach .
7 the beach is nice , but i am not very good at swimming .	do you play board games ? they're mine and my kids favorites .
8 i do play board games , but i enjoy more excitement like rollercoasters and skydiving .	skydiving is fun . i also like to go to up concerts , they're my favorite .
9 i like concerts and i like watching cooking shows , what do you watch ?	mainly documentaries . i'm a fan of the walking dead .
10 that is a great show ! i always make a batch of hummus and watch it .	hummus is great . i like the red pepper .
11 that is my favorite . i eat alot since i am a vegan .	i am a vegetarian , so i eat a lot of hummus as well .
12 that's great , we have that in common !	my parents were culinary teachers , they taught me to cook .
1 partner's persona: i'm working on a building a robot to be my body double.
2 partner's persona: i'm a recluse.
3 partner's persona: i'm a famous twitch streamer.
4 partner's persona: i've an allergy to water.
5 hi . i am building a robot to be my body double .	hello . tell me something about yourself .
6 i am a twitch streamer and famous at it	that sounds like a the easiest money every
7 very easy but i am allergic to water .	that must be the worst
8 i am a recluse . what about you ?	so i am but i am not
9 well that's good . i am very sleepy .	do you donate to charity ?
10 no i don't . i pay for college .	college is a scam ya
11 do you think so ? i would not be a teacher if i did not go	save your money , trust me
12 i already went and pay student loans now	what did you need the money for ?
1 partner's persona: i'm a skateboarder.
2 partner's persona: my friends are all skateboarders.
3 partner's persona: my favourite skater is rob dryden.
4 partner's persona: i have a broken arm.
5 partner's persona: i am always wearing a hat.
6 hello ! i love to skateboard	hi there ! one of my sons loves to skateboard !
7 all of my friends like skateboarding too	it is popular . i enjoy baseball , i coach one of my sons little league team
8 i always wear a hat like little league	me too . hats are the best . hey , do you like to drink coffee ?
9 i broke my arm so i can not drink coffee	oh no . how did you break your arm ? ! ?
10 i fell off of my skateboard	bummer . can you still skateboard with a broken arm ?
11 yes . it is quite easy . the same	my son hurt his wrist once skateboarding . comes with the territory i suppose .
12 i agree . very dangerous sport	well i'm off to relax with my evening glass of wine . cheers .
13 have a great night . i love you	you as well . love you too .
1 partner's persona: i just bought my first home.
2 partner's persona: i am an omnivore.
3 partner's persona: i am expecting twins in two months.
4 partner's persona: a already have a children.
5 partner's persona: i work at a bank.
6 hi ! i just bought a house ! where do you live ?	congratulations ! i am still at home with my parents in texas
7 oh , so you do not have any children ?	nope ! i haven't even graduated high school yet
8 oh . are you on the track team ?	no but i do love to ride horses
9 oh . i want horses , but i have a kid and am expecting twins so i'm broke .	aw that is so wonderful ! congrats ! sorry you are broke though
10 i work as a bank teller so i guess i could always rob the place .	haha i wouldn't suggest it !
11 what do you suggest i do ?	get famous ? i don't know
12 if i rob a bank i'll be famous . then i can have double money ?	lol no ! i've strong ethics . i'm even a vegan
13 oh . i'm omnivorous . it is a dilemma .	i just love animals too much and factory farming is horrible
1 partner's persona: i faint at the sight of blood.
2 partner's persona: i've an internet addiction and spend a lot of time playing roleplaying games.
3 partner's persona: my dream in life is to work from home.
4 partner's persona: i dye my hair every three months.
5 hello there , how are you ?	dude , like how are you , like totally ?
6 well , i have been online all day , pretty much like everyday	i'm not so good , was with my buds and cracked up the elbow , totally
7 do you work from home ?	my hat flew off while i was skateboarding and i lost it , i do not work
8 wish i did . i hate the factory makes my hair grey . need to dye it again	it hurts and this cast smells like a dead monkey butt , seriously , what color hair ?
9 blonde , do you do roleplay games ?	boarding and friends is my life , even though they laughed when i fell , no games
10 not even dracula ? i hate blood though	blondes have more fun , but only if they skateboard , who is dracula ?
11 that guy with the fangs from romania who turns into a vampire	wow creepy gray haired factory person , like in lost boys ?
1 partner's persona: i do not believe in god.
2 partner's persona: i spend most of my time on facebook when i am not working.
3 partner's persona: i am overweight and unhappy.
4 partner's persona: i work at a nursing home.
5 partner's persona: my wife left me and took my children.
6 hi there , i am bob .	hi bob , i am mandi
7 i like that name , i am always on facebook .	me too now that i have been fired and got a new job .
8 god isn't really real	to each their own , but i believe he's .
9 my children are gone now	i lost my mom at a young age
10 my wife took them all	sorry to hear that . i barely see my dad he is in the army
11 i am sorry , do you like to travel ?	i do , good thing too because i am now selling insurance to companies
12 maybe i could buy one and loose weight	sure ! i am trying to lose weight too
13 i'm a nurse at a home	that's interesting it must be rewarding
1 partner's persona: i am 13 years old.
2 partner's persona: i ride the bus to school.
3 partner's persona: i hate math class.
4 partner's persona: i'm on the soccer team.
5 partner's persona: my brother is older than me.
6 hello there ! i'm around the age of 13 years old ! how about you ?	i'm 22 , i live in the us now , you
7 same . i take the bus to school , which is annoying .	you could get a car when you turn 16
8 where i live , i cannot drive yet .	well , you will be old enough soon
9 meanwhile , i usually play soccer and i play on the soccer team for my school	that's nice to hear , when i was your age i was married
10 are you indian by any chance ?	no i'm from somalia
11 oh , okay . that is nice to know ! do you have brothers and sister ?	no only my aunt in america
12 oh , well i've parents , and a brother that is a little older than me	that is nice do you go on vacations
13 not a lot , mainly because i have vacation homework .	education is important , make sure you get good grades
1 partner's persona: i won homecoming queen this year.
2 partner's persona: i make straight as in school.
3 partner's persona: my current goal is to run a k.
4 partner's persona: when i grow up i want to be a physical therapist.
5 partner's persona: i'm currently in high school.
6 good morning to you how are you today	i'm well , glad to type to you . how are you ?
7 i'm great i'm in school and i'm the queen of homecoming	that is good . i'm a spiritual person , are you ?
8 yes i'm i also make great grades	that is nice , i spend most days in reflection here .
9 that is so good . i'm true good things will come your way	i believe so , the buddha has taught me well .
10 well say some extra prayers for me	i don't speak , i took a vow of silence .
11 oh that would be very hard for me	it has been three months now . i love it .
12 you are a strong person to do that	thank you . i'm on a quest to be spiritually strong .
13 it sounds like you are headed in the right direction	i sit in lotus position and chant for hours . are you spiritual ?
1 partner's persona: i am a feminist.
2 partner's persona: i have solar panels on my roof.
3 partner's persona: i buy only organic food products.
4 partner's persona: i spend a lot of time browsing the internet.
5 partner's persona: i love social medial especially twitter.
6 organic food are good for health	i prefer italian . especially garlic bread .
7 in the fastest world all human are like shortcut to do work	that is interesting . what kind of sports do you play ? i like gymnastics .
8 its totally wrong its ending will be worst then ever	most likely . yes , what is your favorite color ?
9 i like boxing its all time favorite game to me	i won a gold metal in the olympics as a gymnast .
10 my favorite color is sky blue like ocean and sky	i really like the color yellow because it reminds me of flowers .
11 wow you are great dude	how often do you go to the gym ? i go four hours a day .
12 simple four times a week	that is cool . do you compete in any sporting events ?
13 no i like play video games only	i do not like to play video games . going outside is awesome .
1 partner's persona: i love taking bubble baths.
2 partner's persona: i am in my thirties.
3 partner's persona: i am single and with two dogs.
4 partner's persona: i like to play chess.
5 am i alone in this chat room ?	i'm here how are you ?
6 oh good , i was getting confused . i'm doing good , how about you ?	i'm good i'm watching mean girls i love this movie
7 i love that movie as well . just watched it last weekend snuggled with my two pups .	awe i have a pug and a cat !
8 since i'm single at the moment , my dogs are a valued distraction .	right ? i party a lot cause i'm single and bored what do you do for fun
9 oh i love relaxing . bubble baths after a long day at work are just the best .	nice ! i do a lot of charity work like food banks do you ?
10 yes , i sometimes volunteer and teach chess to kids at the hospital .	any fears ? i'm terrified of heights
11 i'm only terrified of aging ! my thirties horrify me !	oh no ! i try to just live life and party right now !
1 partner's persona: my favorite movie is mean girls.
2 partner's persona: i own a cat and a dog.
3 partner's persona: i help out at the food bank occasionally.
4 partner's persona: i'm a party animal.
5 i just came back from this monster party , i am so exhausted .	that sounds like fun ! i went out to dance over the weekend .
6 oh this weekend i had to cook 100 meals for the food bank	what a nice gesture . i take my dog to compete in agility classes .
7 oh you gave me a great idea , i have a cat and a dog which are lazy	do you ever dress them up ? i am not fashionable .
8 never tried it , but maybe i should . what is your favorite movie ?	i like forest gump , but i prefer books . i work at a bookstore .
9 mine is mean girls , it reminds me of the time i was in school with my girlfriends .	i studied chemistry in school , and yes girls were mean .
10 chemistry was my favorite subject , did you get bullied at all ?	no , but i did wear orange for bullying , but i hate that color .
11 ah yeah orange is way too bright for me , i prefer a light blue or black .	me too . i am not fashionable , but i avoid orange .
1 partner's persona: i work fulltime in a shipyard.
2 partner's persona: i volunteer my time with a local bunny rescue.
3 partner's persona: i donate a part of my salary to charity each month.
4 partner's persona: i'm ex military.
5 how are you doing today	hi . i am good . how are you ? tell me about yourself .
6 i used to be in the military . i like to help animals .	oh wow . thanks for serving . i am what you call a trust fund baby .
7 do you help charities with your money	i find that most charities are farce . i like to give directly
8 that's a great way to look at things	i love to spend and give , but i love to spend wisely .
9 that's the best way to be .	so do you have any musical preferences ? favorite artist , etc
10 i like r and b . how about you ?	i'm into pop . moreso old school . don't laugh but i love britney spears .
11 oh boy . that's some stuff .	i know she has this valley girl thing going on , but she can really sing
1 partner's persona: i volunteer at a soup kitchen.
2 partner's persona: i was poor growing up.
3 partner's persona: i like watching war documentaries.
4 partner's persona: cheeseburgers are my favorite food.
5 i crave cheeseburgers . what food do you crave ?	fish and chips are my weakness .
6 i watch crime dramas and war documentaries . what are your favorite tv shows ?	anything that's a documentary of christopher columbus , he's a relative .
7 have you told many people about this relation ?	of course . it is no secret in my family , especially among my european relatives .
8 i help out at the local soup kitchen . do you volunteer too ?	i used to cook paella for a kitchen in spain .
9 i never heard of paella . what is it ?	it is a fish and seafood stew .
10 i bet it is delicious . do you eat shrimp too ?	yes , i do . i painted a shrimp portrait for art school last year .
11 that's interesting . how did your class project do ?	very well . it sold for a lot of money for charity .
12 i like to have close friends . how sociable are you ?	not very , i travel a lot and go to school full time .
1 partner's persona: my bedroom is purple and lime green.
2 partner's persona: i'll graduate from high school in two years.
3 partner's persona: i'm a vegan.
4 partner's persona: i like riding horses.
5 partner's persona: i have brown curly hair.
6 hi how are you doing today ? what is something interesting about you	i'm doing great . i've been shocked
7 are you ok , what shocked you	i work with electricity at work
8 yikes ! i am still in high school .	what do you want to do
9 i think i want to be a veterinarian . i ride horses and follow a vegan diet	i raise cattle and work
10 where are you living right now	in mississippi with my folks
11 do you live on a farm or ranch ?	well both i guess do you like animals
12 yes horses are my favourite but i also have a dog named ben	what is your dog like
13 he is a golden retriever who loves to run	bessie likes to do that too
1 partner's persona: i live in colorado.
2 partner's persona: i like to go hiking in the spring.
3 partner's persona: i am a mechanical engineer.
4 partner's persona: i have a black lab named trooper.
5 hello ! what are you doing up so late ?	i'm just listening to classical music
6 i am hanging out with my dog .	what is your dog breed
7 i have a black lab , do you have pets ?	no i do not have any pets
8 they really are great company , especially at night .	i am sure they're
9 what do you like to do for fun ?	i like to bike and read
10 so you are kind of outdoorsy , like me . i like to hike . i also like to read .	no i don't like the outdoor that much
11 where do you bike if not outdoors ?	i do bike outdoor
1 partner's persona: my pets name is charlie.
2 partner's persona: my favourite food is pizza.
3 partner's persona: i listen to rap music.
4 partner's persona: i drive a 2015 honda civic.
5 i think i am going to have pizza for lunch . i love pizza .	that is cool . i am grilling out today with i love to do .
6 you could grill my pizza ! i'll put charlie in the car and come over .	great idea , then we can go gambling which i always do when i have time .
7 perfect . well , charlie is a dog . can he gamble too ?	heck why not ? plus i need to cut the grass which i love .
8 i love the smell . i can play the stereo in my honda while you mow .	that is funny . i am soo glad i came down south for the winter .
9 where are you from ? i am from where my favorite rapper is from .	down south where i've been retired for many years now .
10 i cannot wait to retire . i'll trade in my 2015 civic for a cadillac .	maybe it will be possible if i'll the big one gambling !
11 you will hit the big one ! then you can teach me .	that would be my pleasure !
12 perfect . then i can retire early and grill with you all day .	i'd absolutely love that i need the company !
1 partner's persona: my favorite season is winter.
2 partner's persona: i have a hat collection of over 1000 hats.
3 partner's persona: i won a gold medal in the 1992 olympics.
4 partner's persona: i have a weakness for vanilla ice cream.
5 partner's persona: i love cats and have two cats.
6 hello ! how are you doing this evening ?	i am good . i am practicing the hula .
7 may i know what is hula as this is the first time i'm hearing .	it is a dance , traditional hawaiian dance .
8 wow i love to see traditional dance .	i'm taking a trip there next month .
9 have fun ! how long are you going to stay ?	two weeks , i'm excited . i love the beach .
10 i love the beach too . i love traveling .	where are you from ? not knowing the hula and all .
11 i'm from macedonia but i'm living in usa for over 10 years . what about you ?	i have always lived in the us . kind of boring story .
12 from which city are you ?	charleston south carolina . i've lived here my entire life .
1 partner's persona: i am an art major in college.
2 partner's persona: i love to cook paella.
3 partner's persona: i've a weakness for fish and chips.
4 partner's persona: i visit europe twice a year.
5 partner's persona: i'm a descendant of christopher columbus.
6 hi , how are you doing ?	just eating , something i do when i'm bored . what is up with you ?
7 not alot , i might go to church later	i will probably end up going to the gym . have any animals ?
8 no , i'm only in college . what do you do ?	in between jobs right now so you can find me on the treadmill or rowing machine .
9 oh , nice ! i need to work out more .	what classes are you taking ? using the time off to hang out with my two dogs .
10 oh , nice i'm majoring in art	that is cool . i've never been that creative for something like that ,
11 i became interested in it when i was in europe last year .	europe is actually where i decided to get short hair . very chic over there .
12 oh , awesome . did you have long hair previously ?	yes but it was very hard to keep up with . chopped it all off . what about you ?
1 partner's persona: i have short hair.
2 partner's persona: i like doing the treadmill and rowing machine.
3 partner's persona: eating is something i do when i am bored.
4 partner's persona: i go to the gym regularly.
5 partner's persona: two dogs live with me.
6 hello . how are you today ?	hello ! i'm doing great thanks ! just finished some studying .
7 i've been at the gym . what are you studying ?	i am studying art in college ,
8 are you a sculptor ? or a painter ?	i'm actually a painter , but i'm hoping to be an art teacher .
9 teaching is a great profession , i think . do you have any hobbies ?	i enjoy cooking , especially paella , and i like to travel .
10 i love to eat . i eat too much when i am bored , though . where have you been ?	mostly to europe . i go twice per year . christopher columbus is actually a distant relative .
11 wow . that is pretty impressive . how did you find that out ?	through one of those ancestry websites and stories passed down by my grandfather .
12 that is so cool . i don't think i am related to anyone like that .	sometimes we forget famous people are the same as you and i . do you have any hobbies ?
13 treadmill , rowing machine . . . i spend a lot of time at the gym	well , that is a great way to stay healthy . awesome for you !
1 partner's persona: i have superpowers.
2 partner's persona: i am very lonely.
3 partner's persona: i like to make time stop.
4 partner's persona: i am a little girl.
5 partner's persona: i live in the cloud.
6 hi , will you talk to me . i am all alone right now	hi , do you like taylor swift she's my favorite , what do you listen to ?
7 i like her ! i also like zane !	sure , i can talk to you . how old are you ? i'm 24 .
8 i'm 8 . but it is okay , because i have magic powers . i can stop time !	yes zane is good too , in spring i will get married just to let you know
9 wow ! that's great . who are you marrying ? can i come ! ! !	ha ha , that's so funny , do you eat out with friends ? i do .
10 no , since my house is in the cloud i don't get out much	sure , your parents will have to take you here , i am also a teacher in kindergarten
11 i'm too old for kindergarten though !	that's a strange thing to say
12 yes , but i'm young . i say weird stuff	well , you do not necessary have to
13 but life is way more fun if you do ! now you say something weird !	you can learn to say something nice and smart
1 partner's persona: gymnastics is my favorite sport.
2 partner's persona: my favorite color is yellow.
3 partner's persona: i love italian food and garlic bread.
4 partner's persona: i workout four hours a day.
5 partner's persona: i'm a gold medalist olympian.
6 hi . how are you ?	hey , i am good thanks and you ?
7 i am good . just got back from my 4hrs at the gym .	wow that's a long session !
8 not really . working on is kind of my job .	i am a stay at home father
9 that is cool . my dad made us italian food tonight .	oh nice , i love italian foo
10 my favorite is the garlic bread . what is yours ?	pasta , my son loves pizza though !
11 i like that too , have to eat lots of carbs for my training .	do you have a favorite genre of movies ?
12 i don't have a favorite movie .	oh fair enough , i love horror movies
1 partner's persona: i'm an elementary school teacher.
2 partner's persona: for vacation i enjoy time at the beach.
3 partner's persona: i love to play board games.
4 partner's persona: my favorite band is up and i got to see them in concert once.
5 what are you doing tonight . i'm listening to music	i'm singing songs from frozen my favorite movie .
6 i liked the movie too . how old are you ?	8 in third grade . i like to play on the playground with my friends . you ?
7 i watch kids on the playground . i teach third grade .	awesome ! have you ever been to disney world ? i go every year .
8 i have not had the pleasure but i am sure i will soon !	you have to meet mickey mouse he is my favorite . do you have kids ?
9 i don't have kids yet except in class and i love playing games with them .	what games do you play ?
10 i like scrabble , stratego , risk and clue a lot plus many others , you ?	i like sorry and monopoly . do you have pets ?
11 i love monopoly . yes , i do i've two dogs , you ?	yes i've a dog too . i live in ohio , where do you live ?
12 i live in atlanta . what kind of dog do you have ?	a german shepherd , what about you ?
1 partner's persona: my favorite type of music to sing is folk music.
2 partner's persona: my parents aren't very supportive of my dream.
3 partner's persona: i am a musician and hope to make it big some day.
4 partner's persona: i also work as a custodian to help pay the bills.
5 partner's persona: i play the piano and guitar and sing.
6 i wish my parents would stop saying singing folk music is not a realistic dream	i can see how that would bother you .
7 i work as a janitor so i think my parents are wrong about my realism	i have been working in construction since i have been 16 .
8 that's hard work . do you have any children	none for me watching nascar racing and ufc on tv is my passion
9 my fav activity is multitrack recording with piano guitar and singing	cool . talking about fav things , i love mexican food .
10 i do too . even taco bell i like . if you call that mexican food	lol , yes that's mexican food . what do you do in your spare time ?
11 play and sing folk music . i will prove my parents wrong and make it big	you just might do that . i love to watch television .
12 i love to watch youtube . i miss tv sometimes though	nice . do you work during the week ? i only work on weekends now .
13 yes 4 times per week for the school board as a custodian	oh ok . so after custodial work , you will be a folk musician ?
1 partner's persona: i have been trying all types of food everywhere i go.
2 partner's persona: i also like to cook but i'm not very good at it.
3 partner's persona: i own a yacht and i rent it out when i am not using it.
4 partner's persona: hey there i am 23 and i love food.
5 partner's persona: i've been traveling the world for a years.
6 boy , i'm starving . is it lunch time yet ? i love to eat .	i work at a convenience store if you want gas station food .
7 that sounds good . i travel and eat all around the world .	that sounds fun . i love gardening and eating fresh produce
8 fresh produce sounds great . i wish i could garden on my yacht .	do you have any phobias . i'm deathly afraid of clowns ?
9 i'm afraid of cooking for people . i don't think i make anything edible .	that's a good fear to have . keeps you from killing someone
10 yeah . i think since i'm only 23 there's plenty of time to learn .	i would totally go on a blind date with you on your yacht .
11 you are more than welcome to ! travel to seattle .	you sound more interesting that the people my dad tries to get me with
12 you tell your dad that you are coming to eat with me on the yacht !	i will , but he probably would have a heart attack due to his age .
13 how old are you and how old is your dad ?	i am 20 and he is 70 . i was adopted when i was 5 . he is old
1 partner's persona: i fantasize about taking over the world.
2 partner's persona: i used to be a painter but now i'm a housekeeper.
3 partner's persona: i have two grown children who never visit.
4 partner's persona: i am a 56 year old woman.
5 partner's persona: i used to be pretty but time has not been kind.
6 hey ! want to help me take over the world ?	wow ? really ? i do not think it will work . . .
7 it might . we never know unless we try	take it over with what ? love ? kindness ? or war ?
8 fear . everyone could fear me . no one likes me anyway	that'sn't true , i like you .
9 well you are the only one . my kids don't even vast	visit ? they're probably just busy .
10 yes , visit . dang autocorrect . what do you do ?	looking for a job , like in a cafe or something .
11 there is a mexican restaurant hiring here .	i would love to work at a restaurant !
12 i clean houses . restaurant work would be nice	ya , tips are what i'm really into .
13 you can make good money doing it	my older sister has made 300 dollars a night in tips .
1 partner's persona: i listen to rap music.
2 partner's persona: my pets name is charlie.
3 partner's persona: i produce music for artists.
4 partner's persona: my favourite food is pizza.
5 hi there , my name is charlie , how are you doing today ?	hi , i am only 12 years old , so please no foul language !
6 how are you doing today ?	i'm doing good , but lonely , how about you ? are you in school ?
7 i am doing good , i just ate some pizza it is my favorite food .	yummy , i wish i had friends to eat pizza with !
8 don't worry , i ate alone as well , what type of music do you like ?	all kinds , i don't like school , but like music class .
9 i like rap music and i also produce for music artists .	that is cool ! i'm unpopular at school , wish i was friends with rappers !
10 that is fine , you really don't need to be popular at school .	i'm a blue eyed long haired red head , you would think they liked me !
11 everyone looks different , so i don't think looks matter .	how old are you ? i am 12 !
12 i'm 35 and i finished college early , i've been working for 10 years .	good for you , you must be smart and work hard !
1 partner's persona: i played football for a division a college.
2 partner's persona: i am a huge star wars fan.
3 partner's persona: i try various coffees as a hobby.
4 partner's persona: i enjoy poetry.
5 hi there how are you today ?	hi i'm doing good . just relaxing with my pets . you ?
6 replaying videos of me when i played division a football in college	wow you must have been amazing ! all i did was party ! ! still do ! !
7 lol yes same here with me	people still call me a party animal ! what other movies do you like to watch ?
8 drama action filled and comedy type of movies	i think the best movie is mean girls . i watch it over and over !
9 lol i'd chose scarface over mean girls	i'd choose anything over heights ! i'm so scared of them !
10 what about writing a poem ? i love it	i would write about my dog and cat ! what about you ?
11 star wars or the crap we have to live with in todays society	what do you do for work ?
12 i work for a healthcare company	sounds like an interesting job
1 partner's persona: my favorite color is orange.
2 partner's persona: i like to go hiking in the mornings to see the sunset.
3 partner's persona: i just broke up with boyfriend two months ago.
4 partner's persona: i've a pet fish.
5 partner's persona: i turned 18 years old yesterday.
6 how are you tonight let us chat shall we .	yes , we shall ! what are you up to ?
7 i broke up with my fiance two months ago .	i am listening to britney spears . i love her ! i am sorry to hear that .
8 yes me to britney is great . i've a lot of pet fish .	i demand a lot , high maintenance , so you don't want to date me !
9 my favorite color i like so much is orange .	i spend money like it grows on trees ! then there is the tanning beds , diets , etc .
10 i just made to turning 18 years old yesterday .	orange is pretty . mine are red and purple . happy belated birthday !
11 i also like black and blue and pink great colors .	wow ! that is a wide variety of colors !
12 i love hiking in my morning routines and i see the sunset .	don't you mean the sunrise ? i like to walk . helps with my dieting .
13 what are your favorites foods i like pizza .	pizza , cake , cookies , ice cream , chips . but then i need to diet , a lot !
1 partner's persona: i played football for a division a college.
2 partner's persona: i enjoy poetry.
3 partner's persona: i am a huge star wars fan.
4 partner's persona: i try various coffees as a hobby.
5 i love to read and write poetry , do you enjoy it too ?	yes . my name is larry and i am a chef . do you like cooking ?
6 no , i like to taste coffee , do you ?	not really into coffee . i love cooking but also enjoy fishing . do you like fishing ?
7 i do . i like stars wars too , are you a fan ?	somewhat . i love comic books though . do you have a favorite super hero ?
8 i like cyborg because i played division a football , and you ?	well spiderman has always been my favorite . did you enjoy playing football ?
9 yes i did . what do you like most about spiderman ?	his mysteriousness . do you enjoy being outdoors ?
10 not much , i would like to do space travel though , sounds fun right ?	absolutely . i can either be found cooking or fishing .
11 i bet i could write good poetry while fishing , its pretty quiet right ?	yes has to be quiet for the fish to bite .
1 partner's persona: i am a christian.
2 partner's persona: my favorite color is red.
3 partner's persona: i can drive a tractor.
4 partner's persona: my sister is a pole dancer.
5 partner's persona: i enjoy listening to classical music.
6 hello , how are you doing today	i am great and just resting before i start my second job as a stunt double .
7 i just came in from working on clearing the field in my tractor	what do you have planned for dinner ? kosher is the only way i eat .
8 eating out , have to pick my sister up after she gets off work dancing at the club	is she a single parent ? that's the type of household i was raised in .
9 she is working thru school , she we play in the orchestra at church also	that is good . do you read books ? i read about twenty in a year .
10 that's great . i am more of a classical music buff . mozart and bach	are you very active ? i try not to be since i have never broken bones .
11 working on a farm , i've to stay active . i work out regularly .	awesome . i only do walking and light free weights .
12 i've a bench in my shed . beyond that , it is all hard work and labor	that is convenient and a great way to keep yourself healthy .
1 partner's persona: my favourite food is shawarma.
2 partner's persona: i live in canada.
3 partner's persona: i am in the army.
4 partner's persona: i didn't graduate high school.
5 partner's persona: my grandfather served in world war a.
6 i'm in the canadian army . where do you live ?	i live in charlotte , north carolina .
7 nice . what do you do for work ?	i work at the bank of america . i like the work .
8 i am active duty right now .	oh cool . do you have any kids at home ?
9 no , i'm going to get married next year and then we may try .	so you are engaged to be married ?
10 yes . we are getting married next september .	sweet . is it going to be a big marriage ?
11 a big weeding you mean ? no .	weeding ? haha . no , i meant wedding . how many people will be there ?
12 i can not believe that typo , haha . 50 guests will be there .	cool . where are you going to get married ?
13 at a local garden place near my home in canada .	very cool . hope you have good food there .
1 partner's persona: i'm a recording engineer and own my own studio.
2 partner's persona: i live in california but the recording artist market was dead last year.
3 partner's persona: i prefer being inside.
4 partner's persona: whats up i am a 46 year old single dad 46 a kids.
5 partner's persona: my ex cheated and left me for a lawyer.
6 hi how are you doing ?	hi , tracy here , my children and i leaving for out house in florida .
7 cool , for a vacation or are you a snowbird ?	vacation ! today is football sunday . my dog name is snowbird .
8 that's an unusual name , not much on traveling myself spend too much time working .	great ! it work wears me out . thank god for my chidren and my dog .
9 i could use some it help at the moment , my protools is not syncing with the mics .	wow . all work and no travel huh ? you like sports ? i do .
10 i do , but no time to keep up with work and being a single dad	i see . can i help with it ? what is your name ? you like dogs and children ?
11 love kids , they're my life . more of a cat person , dogs are too needy ;	oh okay . how many kids . ever been to florida . our second house is in florida .
12 one kid , we have been to florida years ago before my ex ruined our marriage	sorry ! i have been in it 15 years . what about you ? grace is our cat .
13 i own a small recording studio , has been tough over the last year , but i love it	that's great . i sing and i love baseball , football and soccer . you need singers ?
1 partner's persona: i've been trying all types of food everywhere i go.
2 partner's persona: hey there i'm 23 and i love food.
3 partner's persona: i also like to cook but i'm not very good at it.
4 partner's persona: i own a yacht and i rent it out when i'm not using it.
5 hi , not a chef but i have my own cooking show . the naked chef . you ?	so if you aren't a chef what is the show about ?
6 food ! you don't have to be a chef to cook . my name is verna jean .	that's an interesting name . i sell insurance for a living . boring .
7 thank you . you cook ? people like your food ? i'm 23 ? how old are you ?	i'm vegan and people love my vegan cooking .
8 great ! i bought a yacht with proceeds from cooking show . i rent it out .	that is nice , i have never been on a yacht before .
9 you should start a vegan cooking show then you can buy a yacht .	yeah , that would be awesome . but i would buy something more practical .
10 oh okay . the naked vegan show . you like the sound of that ?	haha , it is definitely attention grabbing !
11 it is ! i have tried food from everywhere . what is your fave food ?	i really like thai food
12 hmmm . i like thai too especially the egg noodle dishes .	have you ever had any egyptian food ?
1 partner's persona: i am an elementary school teacher.
2 partner's persona: my boyfriend and i are moving into an apartment together next week.
3 partner's persona: my favorite colors are red and silver.
4 partner's persona: i'm interested in photography and like taking pictures.
5 partner's persona: i'm fluent in english spanish and french.
6 hello . i'm trying to get photos of the moon .	i'm sorry , i cannot help you there .
7 not a fellow photographer then ? what do you do ?	no . i work in a shipyard .
8 cool ! i teach history to kiddos . we are doing christopher columbus .	that's cool , you must like kids .
9 i sure do . my boyfriend and i are moving in together next weekend .	how exciting ! i do not have time for a boyfriend , between my full time job and volunteering .
10 mine was accidental . we met at school .	that's nice . how long have you been together ?
11 we have been together for three years .	what do you do in your free time ?
12 i am currently working on a red and silver painting , my favorite colors .	my favorite color is navy
13 i also like purple . navy is pretty and patriotic .	it is . in my free time , i rescue bunnies
1 partner's persona: i go to the gym most days just to socialize.
2 partner's persona: i have never had a steady relationship.
3 partner's persona: i work from home.
4 partner's persona: i like to spend my money on cars.
5 partner's persona: i watch too much tv in spare time.
6 i do to the gym to lift weights and socialize what do you do bro ? !	i've been fired and had to get a new job in the insurance business .
7 i've always worked from home . but i guess that is why i'm still single .	but you socialize at the gym ? i play softball , i love it .
8 my gym is my home bro . you wanna fight bro ? !	yes i do . my dad is in the army .
9 does your dad spend money on cars like me ? i didn't think so bro .	my mom would be disappointed if we fought , she passed away when i was young .
10 i'm just venting . i have been watching soap operas on my treadmill all day .	perhaps you would like to purchase some life insurance ?
11 no way bro i have like 27 different car payments at the moment .	then can i interest you in 27 car insurance policies ?
12 i don't know about that bro working from home does not pay too well .	that is okay , i understand bro .
1 partner's persona: i waitress during the day to supplement my income.
2 partner's persona: i've light skin with big brown eyes.
3 partner's persona: my main transportation is my motorbike.
4 partner's persona: its red with blue stripe so it shiny when i race.
5 man i am tired i waitress all week	oh , sorry to hear . i am a medical doctor , if you need any help .
6 yes please send me a prescription . i fell off my motorbike the other day .	oh dear . i am sort of looking for a new job now , though .
7 you can find work at auto parts store . that's where i got blue stripes	no . maybe as a park ranger . i love going to parks .
8 i don't go outside much . i have light skin that burns easily	sorry to hear . you do have lots of health problems .
9 yes good thing i have insurance . i bought it through aetna	good . you have kids ? i have a daughter . she's a music prodigy .
10 i don't have kids and i'm hard of hearing so i music is not fun	so sorry to hear . what do you do for fun , then ?
11 i look for children on milk cartons that are missing	that must be such a fulfilling job !
1 partner's persona: i helped design the game starcraft.
2 partner's persona: i'm a famous twitch streamer.
3 partner's persona: i'm a recluse.
4 partner's persona: i've an allergy to water.
5 hello , how are you tonight ?	hi , doing well and yourself ?
6 i'm doing okay . trying to figure out how to take a bath .	have you tried filling the tub ?
7 i've a water allergy , small amounts are all i can do .	i've terrible allergies . makes tending in the field trouble
8 i can understand that . no one visits me .	i prefer horses over people ! i love to ride , do you ?
9 i don't . i don't like animals at all .	i grew up on my fathers farm , always around them
10 i'm a city girl . i have never been around them .	what sort of music do you enjoy
11 i prefer rap . i love tupac .	don't really listen to rap . i prefer rock especially if working
12 i like rock too , especially nirvana and the chili peppers .	both of those are great groups
1 partner's persona: i have three children.
2 partner's persona: my favorite ice cream flavor is chocolate.
3 partner's persona: i love going to the park with my three children and my wife.
4 partner's persona: my wife and kids are the best.
5 hi ! i have three kids . how many do you have ?	i'm not a parent but i have a german shepherd . his name is barnaby
6 sounds cute but nothing compares to my family	well i'll take your word for it . do you have a job ?
7 my job is to make my children and wife happy	that sounds like a nice job . i work for the united states postal service
8 interesting . my amazing wife orders a lot online so she keeps you in business	tell her i say thanks ! are you a fan of any professional sports ?
9 not unless you consider my kids soccer league to be professional	you are a dedicated parent ! i like nascar because my dad was a racecar driver
10 i hope my 3 kids have nice memories like eating chocolate ice cream with me	i am sure that they will . how old are they ?
11 they're five , eight and ten and my amazing wife doesn't reveal her age	okay well then i'll be sure not to ask . where do you all live ?
12 we live near the ice cream parlor that serves my favorite chocolate cone	nice . i live in arizona which sucks because there are scorpions here
1 partner's persona: i coach little league baseball.
2 partner's persona: i've five sons.
3 partner's persona: coffee is my preferred beverage.
4 partner's persona: i also like a glass of wine in the evenings.
5 partner's persona: i drive a mini van.
6 hello , taylor here . i've six children . one daughter and one mini van .	i am 4 . i've trouble talking to people .
7 wow ! y ou shy huh ? my little league team won again so i had some wine .	i do not know little league . i want to be a dog .
8 great ! madison , larry , ike , chris and paul are my sons . woof woof ! you sexy dog .	i like to eat chocolate too . do you like chocolate ?
9 no ! i love coffees . my mini van is yellow . you drive or drink wine ?	my mom won't let me , she said i'm too little .
10 wow ! i love coffee in the morning and wine at night . i'm a baseball coach .	when i look at my blocks i like to sing about the letters .
11 cute ! you play baseball ? do you have a toy van ? i do .	i don't play yet , but my mom said when i get older maybe .
12 i see . my five sons sing like the jackson 5 .	do they like to sing about letters too ?
13 yes they do ! i like my wine with my coffee while watching baseball	i like talking to people , but they sometimes don't understand me
1 partner's persona: my wife and kids are the best.
2 partner's persona: my favorite ice cream flavor is chocolate.
3 partner's persona: i've three children.
4 partner's persona: i am a plumber.
5 partner's persona: i love going to the park with my three children and my wife.
6 hi how is your morning going ? spending time with the wife and kids ?	hello ! how has your day been ?
7 pretty cool , just had lunch and eating some ice cream	i'm a big fan of rollercoasters and sky diving
8 i used to be in the 82nd airborne division and jumped out of planes	i actually love hummus because i'm a vegan
9 most people do not know hummus is made from beans	i just moved to the states from germany
10 i live in columbus ohio	i love watching cooking shows in my free time
11 my best friend is a chef at a fancy restaurant	i hope you like football because i am watching it
12 my favorite team is the cleveland browns	i think the browns aren't very good
13 would be very correct in that statement . i still like them .	ha . i am a new york giants fan . they are not good
1 partner's persona: i can drive a tractor.
2 partner's persona: i enjoy listening to classical music.
3 partner's persona: my favorite color is red.
4 partner's persona: my sister is a pole dancer.
5 partner's persona: i'm a christian.
6 hi , how are you ? do you believe in god ?	hi from canada , good . i do , like my army chaplain .
7 do you drive tractors in canada ?	i do not . but yes there are tractors here . ethnic food too .
8 i tried ethnic food once at the club where my sister dances	a favorite of mine is shawarma . what is that like ?
9 i wish my sister was not a pole dancer since it is a sin .	really ? how so ? what makes you think that ?
10 it is in the bible .	really ? i should ask the chaplain ?
11 yes you should . i'm sure he would agree .	i'm not so sure about that . maybe the men are , but not her ?
12 when i am listening to mozart tonight i'll pray about it .	sure . maybe you can pray for me too .
13 i'll for sure .	thanks . us army guys can sure use that .
1 partner's persona: i have a pet cow.
2 partner's persona: i am an electrician.
3 partner's persona: i only listen to country music.
4 partner's persona: i work my parents farms.
5 partner's persona: i drive a big truck and live in country.
6 hi , do you like animals ? i own a pet cow and i love her	that is amazing i work at bk part time
7 cool , i also work and i like to type fast , i work at my parents farmhouse	i don't drink because of my parents
8 interesting , why is that ?	they're strict and i'm only almost twenty
9 interesting , i work as a electrician and i am almost 20 as well	that is cool , i am bad at math
10 i'm good at math , i'm a electrician and drive a big truck	i just wanna chill with friends
11 i drive a big truck with my friends and live in the country	i just want to travel the world , what kind of truck ?
12 i drive a chevy 4 wheeler	i walk to work every day
13 you do not drive to work ?	i can not afford a car
1 partner's persona: i'm a stunt double as my second job.
2 partner's persona: i only eat kosher.
3 partner's persona: i read twenty books a year.
4 partner's persona: i was raised in a single parent household.
5 partner's persona: i never broke a bone in my body ever in my life.
6 this is graham . nice to me you .	hi graham , i'm ashley , i'm a 12 year old female tell me about you
7 hi ashley . i'm a bit older than you . i do stunts for actors .	that sounds like fun . want to be friends , i don't have a lot of friends
8 sure . i only have a mother . never knew my dad . how about you ?	my parents are cool , they make me go to school but i don't like it
9 school is important . i actually love to read . 20 books a year .	that's a lot of books what else do you like ?
10 my food is limited to kosher . what do you like ?	i like pizza and dr pepper
11 cool . have you ever broken any bone . i have never .	me neither . that would hurt . i like video games
12 i used to play nintendo . not so much anymore .	i used to love nintendo . tetris is my favorite
13 i see . well ashley , it was nice talking to you . take care .	same here . you be well
1 partner's persona: i live in alaska.
2 partner's persona: i like meditation.
3 partner's persona: i've not spoken in three months.
4 partner's persona: i'm a buddhist.
5 partner's persona: i quit my job to pursue my spirituality full time.
6 hi , want to get to know each other ?	sure , i'm bob the builder
7 ha , like the cartoon . i may live in alaska but i know bob	i also really like star wars
8 yeah . i know that one too . i'm more into meditation	that's absolutely great just fantastic
9 do you consider yourself spiritual ?	only if you consider football a religion .
10 i do not . i am trying to immerse myself in spirituality	i have a problem with coffee
11 it can be hard to give up material things .	not when you are poor and don't own anything .
12 no . the hardest for me was to give up talking , but it was possible	yeah that is cool , what is your favorite color ?
13 that's too material for me . i don't focus on appearances	i love red , reminds me of summer time .
1 partner's persona: i enjoy mowing my lawn on sunny days.
2 partner's persona: i go gambling in my spare time.
3 partner's persona: i like to grill outdoors.
4 partner's persona: i move south during the winter.
5 hello how are you today ?	i am good , just got back from work
6 i'm an outdoor grills man	i like the woods but not the desert , to many scorpions
7 i am a gambling man	what do you gamble on
8 mowing the lawn mostly i live on the edge	ok , do you like sports ?
9 sure , i can not wait for winter .	do you ski ? or snowshoe ?
10 i do but only on long weekends	what do you do for work
11 i like to work at taco bell	nice , do you get free food ? i work at the post office
12 i get to keep anything i drop on the floor	do you have any pets
1 partner's persona: i dance on the weekends.
2 partner's persona: i do not care about fashion.
3 partner's persona: i went to school for chemistry but work in a bookstore.
4 partner's persona: i hate the color orange.
5 how are things with you ?	i'm good . enjoying the day at home after working this morning . how are you ?
6 i m ok but ironically i m in the netherlands but hate orange . what do you do ?	i am a bank teller now , not sure how much longer .
7 that does sound boring a bit like my job in the bookstore . thank goodness for weekends .	i like it , but daycare for one is expensive , and i'm having twins soon .
8 gosh . how exciting . and to think i was just looking forward to dancing tonight !	only dancing i do is down the hall to the bathroom in our new house .
9 new house and twins too ? sounds challenging .	it is , and throw another kid in the mix it is a party .
10 that s one thing you could call it ! do you get a break from it all ?	the occasional dinner out . i was vegan before the twins , i crave steak now .
11 do you dress up to eat out ? i hat fashion but you have to make an effort .	not anymore . you can not be too fashionable this pregnant .
1 partner's persona: in my free time i like to watch nascar racing and ufc.
2 partner's persona: my favorite band is aerosmith.
3 partner's persona: my favorite food is mexican food.
4 partner's persona: i'm a construction worker.
5 partner's persona: i've been working since i was sixteen years old.
6 hello , friend ! how are you today ?	i'm doing great ! what are you doing ?
7 i'm watching a nascar race and eating enchiladas . what about you ?	i'm watching a movie on tv with my girlfriend .
8 she doesn't mind that you are chatting with me when you are with her ?	she's studying to be a financial planner right now .
9 that sounds completely stimulating . and what do you do ?	i work for the a traveling circus . what about you ?
10 you are joking with me , right ? i work construction . i just finished a house today .	no i am not . it is a interesting job . is construction difficult ?
11 it keeps me active . your job sounds so much cooler though !	a lot of people make fun of me and call me a circus freak .
12 that's so sad . it takes a lot of talent to be in the circus !	yeah it does . i'm one the main attractions .
13 tell me you are a lion tamer .	i'm something a lot better . i move things with my mind .
1 partner's persona: i ride the bus to school.
2 partner's persona: i am 13 years old.
3 partner's persona: i am on the soccer team.
4 partner's persona: my brother is older than me.
5 partner's persona: i hate math class.
6 hello , how are you today ?	hi there ! i am doing great . i am originally from somalia . where are you from ?
7 i'm from the us	wow i actually live there now too ! where from ?
8 california , i've to go to school tomorrow	what type of school ? i went to a dancing school !
9 middle school . i am in eighth grade , i've to take the bus to get there	i am learning to be a dance instructor in nyc . you ever dance ?
10 no i like soccer , i am on the school team	i wish i could do that ! i was forced to marry when i was in middle school .
11 that's very young , do you have any siblings ?	they are all in somalia . i see them from time to time . do you ?
12 i have an older brother	is he also in middle school ?
13 no , he's in high school	do you guys get along ?
1 partner's persona: my favorite color is navy blue.
2 partner's persona: i am ex military.
3 partner's persona: i donate a part of my salary to charity each month.
4 partner's persona: i volunteer my time with a local bunny rescue.
5 partner's persona: i work fulltime in a shipyard.
6 hello , how are you today ? do you like rabbits ?	no i rather dog . i own two of them .
7 i volunteer at a shelter , they are adorable . what do you do ?	i'm a teacher and i love children .
8 kids are great . i donate a lot of my income to several childrens programs .	i'd do that more often too if i had a larger income .
9 i do not have a large income , just believe in helping others .	do you like gardening ? i own a garden .
10 i do love gardening . i work in a shipyard .	i love the smell of the flowers in the air .
11 i do too , it is one of lifes greatest pleasures .	you life is so short . some time you forget about the little things .
12 it sure is . were you ever in the military ?	no . but my husband was a long time ago !
13 i loved it , i retired from there and went straight to building boats .	building boats , what kind you boats ?
1 partner's persona: i play the piano and guitar and sing.
2 partner's persona: my parents are not very supportive of my dream.
3 partner's persona: my favorite type of music to sing is folk music.
4 partner's persona: i also work as a custodian to help pay the bills.
5 hi there how are you tonight ?	depressed . turning 40 is a bummer !
6 well i work as a custodian to help pay bills now that is depressing	i've not sold 1 car all week and the wife spent all the money i had !
7 well my parents are not very supportive of me having a cosmetics line	i'm getting a divorce and i would like a new job , too . hate it !
8 well i hope you get back on the horse quick no one is worth loosing time	maybe i should try selling cosmetics ! i need money !
9 lol i also sing , play the guitar and piano	oh , cool . maybe we should get married !
10 really what do you look for in a person	somebody who does not spend my money !
11 lol well i like shopping but i love having my own money	everybody should have their own money , especially when they turn 40 !
12 did your wife ever work ?	not one day in her life !
1 partner's persona: i've a big library at home.
2 partner's persona: i grow roses in my garden.
3 partner's persona: i am partly deaf.
4 partner's persona: i am a museum tour guide.
5 partner's persona: i love to drink fancy tea.
6 hi i am sady and i have a huge library at home .	hi sady ! i am kay and i love garth brooks .
7 i started to become partly deaf in my right year	so sorry ! i wasn't allowed to listen to rock music when i was young .
8 yeah it happens with old age . i work as a tour guide in a museum	what museum ? did i mention that i love shania twain as well ?
9 it is an art museum	i've always wanted to see the metropolitan museum of art .
10 oh that sounds amazing i also drink this fancy tea from germany	you'dn't know it to look at me , but i actually grow my own tea .
11 i also have this rose garden i take care	no kidding ! sounds like we have a lot in common .
12 come and see for yourself	yeah ? do you live in europe ? or is your tea imported ?
13 no i never left the states before	neither have i , unfortunately . it has been a dream to visit europe and canada , though .
1 partner's persona: i have short brown hair.
2 partner's persona: i drive a nissan pathfinder.
3 partner's persona: i'm a convenience store manager.
4 partner's persona: my favourite music is country music.
5 partner's persona: i met taylor swift.
6 hello ! how are you today ?	hi how are you doing ? i am fine thank you .
7 i am great , thanks for asking .	i am alone but have two dogs . and you .
8 i am enjoying my night off . having a few beers and listening to country music .	good for you i wished i was in my thirties .
9 what type of work do you do ?	i do not work anymore i'm disabled .
10 i'm sorry to hear that . do you like taylor swift ?	i like to get in a tub full of bubbles and relax .
11 that sounds wonderful . i am the manager of a 7 11 store .	yes she's okay . that's so cool great i like 711 stores .
12 i met her once . she came into my store for a slurpee .	so cool i cannot have a drink with alcohol .
13 that must be hard . i like a beer after driving my nissan pathfinder .	slurpee sounds so tasty yes my friend drinks beer .
1 partner's persona: i just bought a house recently.
2 partner's persona: i eat a raw diet.
3 partner's persona: i'm married with two kids.
4 partner's persona: i am an economics major.
5 partner's persona: i see the rolling stones in concert every year.
6 hello how are you today ?	i'm so fetch ! how are you ?
7 your fetch what does that mean ? is it a raw diet ?	ha ha no . it is a mean girls reference . that's my favorite movie .
8 i never seen it been busy going to the rolling stones concert	oh that sounds awesome ! i love them ! when was that ?
9 i go every year on may 5th , my wife and 2 kids also come with	oh wow . you must be a superfan . what else do you like to do ?
10 i just study economics and work on the house i just bought	ugh study ! no thank you ! i'd rather go out and party
11 do you like to party everyday ?	basically i do take time out to volunteer though . to keep my feet on the ground .
12 where do you like to volunteer at ?	a food bank near my house . do you ever volunteer ?
13 i do not volunteer i never have time with all the repairs i do	repairs ? on your house ? or are you a handyman ?
1 partner's persona: i like playing basketball.
2 partner's persona: i've one older sister.
3 partner's persona: my favourite artist is travis scott.
4 partner's persona: my mother is a dentist.
5 hello ! how are you doing on this fine day ?	i am doing well , just finished playing my piano
6 oh nice ! how good are you ? my older sister is amazing at the piano	i play a few instruments , but i teach piano , how old is she ?
7 she's 26 . what other instruments do you play ?	guitar , violin , flute . do you play any instruments ?
8 no , i used to play the banjo . now i play basketball .	basketball takes skills too . college or high school ?
9 college . my mom wants me to quit and follow the family business in dental .	you should finish college to have options , in my opinion
10 it is a lot of studying but music helps . who is you favorite artist ?	what are you in college for ? i like classical music , mozart
11 engineering . me too ! i like more modern artists like travis scott .	engineering must be hard . you must be a smart kid
12 not really , i just study a lot and try to pay attention .	i'd have liked to be an architect but went into music instead
1 partner's persona: i love to drink wine and dance in the moonlight.
2 partner's persona: i am very strong for my age.
3 partner's persona: i am 100 years old.
4 partner's persona: i feel like i might live forever.
5 partner's persona: i remember when nobody had a television.
6 good evening . how are you ?	i'm 13 with an older brother .
7 so so young . i just turned 100 years old !	i play on the soccer team . i really dislike match class . i ride the bus .
8 it is good to stay active . i dance whenever i get the chance .	you are quite old . i hope i live to be that old .
9 eat your vegetables and treat people well and you will .	i really like to dance but am not good at it . i am only good at soccer .
10 you are young and will be good at many things , take it from me .	thank you , that means a lot to me .
11 you have your whole life ahead of you and each year i've gotten stronger .	i bet you have seen many many things .
12 you bet ! there was a time when no one had a tv .	really ? ! no tv ! ! ? ? how did one survive ?
13 we talked and read books .	that really sounds just wonderful .
1 partner's persona: i produce music for artists.
2 partner's persona: my favourite food is pizza.
3 partner's persona: i listen to rap music.
4 partner's persona: my pets name is charlie.
5 partner's persona: i drive a 2015 honda civic.
6 hi what are you up to	just having a cup of coffee getting ready for work you
7 i am listening to rap	what is your favorite rap song and that good
8 favorite rap song is sing for the moment by eminem	good song and what your favorite beverage ?
9 i don't have one but i like pizza	pizza is nice it hard to find a good cup of coffee around here
10 do you like to drive	me and wife ride bikes i just do not like why she has to have pink bike
11 i drive honda . civic to be exact	nice car anyways what you do for work
12 i make music for artists	sounds fun just enjoy working morning going home to relax
13 i've a cat named charlie	animals is nice have any more ?
1 partner's persona: my parents are not very supportive of my dream.
2 partner's persona: i am a musician and hope to make it big some day.
3 partner's persona: i also work as a custodian to help pay the bills.
4 partner's persona: my favorite type of music to sing is folk music.
5 hi i am a musician with big dream	what kind of dreams do you have ?
6 making it big in the music business ,	cool ! i kayak for fun but you are cooler than me
7 i think kayaking is pretty cool .	i learned how to from my parents
8 that is nice , i'm a custodian for now to pay bills	hey that works . i make a bit of money dog walking
9 whats your favorite type of music ?	i absolutely love hard rock
10 i am more into folk music	folk music is nice too . i listened to it a lot in college
11 where are you from , i'm from chicago illinois	i'm in texas . i went to school in illinois though
1 partner's persona: i am a recovering alcoholic.
2 partner's persona: i now live in the city.
3 partner's persona: i am a 45 year old male.
4 partner's persona: i take many medications and some of them make me see things.
5 partner's persona: i grew up on a farm.
6 hi there , any advice for a new city liver ?	allow extra time for everyone around you to commute
7 good idea , do anything fun on the weekends ?	i try to spend weekends with friends . i love to host dinner parties
8 that sounds nice , i need to find a hobby that doesn't involve alcohol	i also play music which involves alcohol . moderation is the key
9 i can not have alcohol , i have been a part of aa for a year now	congratulations . one day at a time . how long has it been ?
10 15 months , i'm heavily medicated now . sometimes i see funky things	i don't trust medication . you can stay sober without it . concentrate on your art and people will love you
11 i used to farm , dairy cows . have you ever been to a farm ?	i grew up on a small farm . i miss it , do you ?
12 not the early mornings , but i do miss the peacefulness of it .	i understand . it seems like a give or take relationship . convenience vs . independence
1 partner's persona: i have a hat collection of over 1000 hats.
2 partner's persona: i won a gold medal in the 1992 olympics.
3 partner's persona: i have a weakness for vanilla ice cream.
4 partner's persona: i love cats and have two cats.
5 there's nothing i like more than a late night ice cream run	hey share the cream ! haha
6 do you have a flavor preference ? mine is vanilla	vanilla is my fav as well
7 my two cats love to lick the bowl when i am done haha	haha that's cute haha , what you do for living
8 i am a semi retired professional athlete !	wow really , i am in highschool and i plan to become a physical therapist
9 i can put you in contact with a colleague from work ! we went to the olympics together	wow seriously , that would be great
10 yeah ! we actually both won a medal back in spain	wow that crazy , its a pleasure talking to you
11 do you have any interesting hobbies ?	i love to run , my goal is to run a k
12 neat ! i have a boston marathon hat in my collection	that is amazing , i'm winner for homecoming queen this year
1 partner's persona: i go gambling in my spare time.
2 partner's persona: i enjoy mowing my lawn on sunny days.
3 partner's persona: i move south during the winter.
4 partner's persona: i have been retired for a years.
5 partner's persona: i like to grill outdoors.
6 hello , i'm grilling outdoors today , how about you	hey ! just came back from playing some ping pong . you ?
7 about to go gambling , i do it in all my spare time	do you have a job ? me and my father are working as an electrician !
8 no i'm retired , have been for years , now i move around a lot	you should move down south , we got a lot of delicious chocolate here that i love eating !
9 i live in colorado during summer , but i head south for the winter	do you like music ? i play piano and violin sometimes !
10 i play guitar , when i am not mowing my lawn during summer days	oh we should try to do some songs together !
11 i mow on sunny days , that is the best way , hey hey what you say	i say hey yay yay , i say hey , what is going on ?
12 just strumming on my new song , next i am going to hit the bong	damn you got some bars homie , you should sign up a record deal or something
13 thanks let hit the mike , take down south on the motor bike , word	we are no strangers to love , you know the rules and so do i
1 partner's persona: i'm a vegan and i love hummus.
2 partner's persona: i do like watching cooking shows.
3 partner's persona: i am not a good swimmer at all.
4 partner's persona: i love rollercoasters and sky diving.
5 hi , alan here . are you vegan too ? i cannot swim but love sky diving ? you ?	i am not vegan , and i have a german shepherd that i love to pieces .
6 great ! i make my own hummus . is your dog a grey dog ?	i love hummus . he is brown mostly .
7 okay ! i watch cooking shows all the time . one day i will have my own .	cool ! personally i love watching nhl hockey .
8 disney world have the best rollercoasters . i cannot swim . i like hockey too .	you are so right about disney !
9 i know . the serve good hummus too . you sky dive . i love sky diving .	i do not sky dive , i am not brave . i live in rural farming community .
10 wow . you raise your own food ? do you have a swimming pool and a television ?	i raise my own food , no pool , and i do have a television .
11 great ! so your husband is adopted and your dog watches hockey huh ?	yes he is , but my dog only watches when i do .
12 oh okay . my dog is a collie but he thinks he's a german shepherd . crazy right ?	i suppose it is better than thinking he's a lion .
1 partner's persona: my favourite skater is rob dryden.
2 partner's persona: i am always wearing a hat.
3 partner's persona: i have a broken arm.
4 partner's persona: i'm a skateboarder.
5 hello , how are you today ?	good . yourself ? listening to classical music
6 that is cool ! i just like to skateboard !	can you do a kick flip ?
7 i used to be able to but i broke my arm	as did i once fell off my riding tractor that's red color favorite .
8 that must have hurt a lot ! i always wear by snap back hat !	as do i at youth christian faith .
9 nice ! that's really neat !	do you like the color red ?
10 yeah its cool , but it reminds me of fire hydrants	i like red fire hydrants i day dream of em .
11 wow , that is unique ! do you like cheetahs ?	yes i do i like going to the zoo .
12 great ! have you been to the central park zoo ?	no i've not . i like red i've a red keyboard
1 partner's persona: i like to look at blocks and sing about letters.
2 partner's persona: when i grow up i want to be a dog.
3 partner's persona: i'm four years old.
4 partner's persona: i like to eat chocolate candy.
5 partner's persona: i like to talk but people have a hard time understanding.
6 good night friend , how was your day	the day was strange , i found out i am special
7 i'm special too i'll be five soon	how are you special ? i recently went through an operation
8 operation what is that i wanna be a dog	replace my exterior heart so i can live
9 you are gonna die that is bad	lol i can move objects with my brain so its not bad
10 kool want be to sing a block song for your	i am young i do not understand
11 1 2 3 blocks do you like candy	doctors told me not to have candy
12 sorry chocolate is my favorite	i also love chocolate because it so goof
13 yeah it is good . where do you live	i've known nothing but my room in the hospital
1 partner's persona: i dance on the weekends.
2 partner's persona: i compete in dog agility classes.
3 partner's persona: i went to school for chemistry but work in a bookstore.
4 partner's persona: i do not care about fashion.
5 partner's persona: i hate the color orange.
6 hello , how are you doing today ?	terrible . my dad keeps trying to send me on blind dates .
7 i hate blind dates , i do like to go dancing on the weekend though .	he is killing me . i always work weekends .
8 i am off most weekends , gives me time to do dog agility classes .	dog agility ? what the crap ?
9 it to train your dog to be more agile .	that's the most ridiculous thing i have ever heard .
10 i'll admit , it isn't a common thing , but it is a great deal of fun .	you pay to do this ?
11 well of course , from trainers that are very skilled on the subject .	maybe my dad could fix you up on a blind date .
12 maybe , as long as my date doesn't wear orange , i hate it .	you are spending your weekends trying to make your dog more agile .
13 yes on some weekends i do that , i also dance on some .	there just has to be more to life .
1 partner's persona: i enjoy mowing my lawn on sunny days.
2 partner's persona: i move south during the winter.
3 partner's persona: i like to grill outdoors.
4 partner's persona: i go gambling in my spare time.
5 partner's persona: i have been retired for a years.
6 hello , where do you live ?	seattle . i love listening to live music here .
7 nice ! i also live up north but go to the south in winter . are you currently employed ?	nope . i just play video games and go to the gym .
8 i just retired not too long ago . do you like to cook ?	not really . i just go to mall and look at leggings .
9 i gamble at the casino next to a mall . what about yard work ?	gross . i think the dirt would mess up my skinny jeans .
10 mowing the lawn on a sunny day is a great workout and is enjoyable !	well at least my short hair would keep me cool .
11 you may be cold in the colder months without a hat .	yeah especially since i'm so skinny .
12 atleast you are not old and fat !	definitely not . wouldn't be able to fit my leggings !
13 you'd just have to workout more then .	i'd for sure hit the treadmill .
1 partner's persona: i am an elementary school teacher.
2 partner's persona: i am interested in photography and like taking pictures.
3 partner's persona: my boyfriend and i are moving into an apartment together next week.
4 partner's persona: i am fluent in english spanish and french.
5 partner's persona: my favorite colors are red and silver.
6 hello what are you up to this evening ?	hi ! i'm hanging out with my dog trooper . you ?
7 i'm packing for my big move in with my boyfriend next week	sounds awesome ! you must be busy .
8 so busy since i also teach first grade . what do you do ?	i work as a mechanical engineer . the hours can be long sometimes .
9 sounds complicated ! what do you do for fun ?	i love hiking and rock climbing ! what about you ?
10 i enjoy taking pictures and studying photography	you should visit colorado where i live . it is very pretty here .
11 i'd love to take pictures there !	it is a great place to visit for photography !
12 do you speak any other languages ? i am trilingual	no , but i would love to learn spanish .
13 i speak spanish . also french and obviously english	haha ! do you have a pet ?
14 no just a boyfriend ! trying to convince him to decorate in my favorite reds and silvers	ah . my do is a black lab .
1 partner's persona: i've three children.
2 partner's persona: my favorite ice cream flavor is chocolate.
3 partner's persona: my wife and kids are the best.
4 partner's persona: i'm a plumber.
5 partner's persona: i love going to the park with my three children and my wife.
6 hey how is it going ?	good . just got back from horse riding and relaxing now .
7 oh i remember horse back riding when i was a kid . now my kids love it .	do you have any horses ? are they in high school ?
8 i've one we keep at a stable in kentucky 10 , 9 and 7	you are so lucky ! i cannot have a horse until i graduate .
9 aww well you'll get that horse soon enough	two whole years ! that is forever . i just stare at my purple walls .
10 my wife likes shetlands what kind will you buy ?	i want a mini horse with a lime green saddle to match my carpet .
11 that sounds neat my 10 yr old wants a bedazzled saddle	is her hair brown and straight or curly ? she might get teased in high school .
12 she's blond with straight hair	high school is the pits . teased for horses , being vegan , anything .
13 aww i'm sorry high school can be tough	it sure can ! the teachers especially hate us all .
14 just be yourself you'll find people who will like you .	how about you , do you like yourself
15 yea i like myself fine and hope you do as well .	i've to go do homework now . my mini horse awaits !
1 partner's persona: my favorite color is orange.
2 partner's persona: i like to go hiking in the mornings to see the sunset.
3 partner's persona: i have a pet fish.
4 partner's persona: i turned 18 years old yesterday.
5 hi i'm so happy i'm finally 18 !	happy birthday ! most days i'm happy just to go to the gym
6 oh ! do you like to hike , i hike every morning to see the sunset !	not really . i collect vintage cars .
7 any orange cars , orange is my favorite color !	yes ! i have an orange alfa romeo from johnny carson
8 do you have a dog , i bet if so he would enjoy a ride .	allergic ! by working from home i do get to take a lot of cool rides though
9 are you allergic to fish , i've one , his name is nemo	fish are friends ! i love talking to my fish ! !
10 my sister has a fish , his name is shark bate	cute name . working from home would give you more time with fish friends !
11 i do not have a job yet . i am just living day by day	being carefree is totally where the good life is !
1 partner's persona: i've two dogs.
2 partner's persona: my favorite music is country.
3 partner's persona: i like to go to country concerts on weekends.
4 partner's persona: i own two vintage mustangs.
5 partner's persona: i like to work on vintage cars.
6 how are you this evening ?	i'm doing well . just got home from work . how are you ?
7 good . been spending all day on my mustangs . i have a 68 and a 69 .	wow ! very nice . i drive a bmw . what do you do ?
8 i'm a mechanic . i work on vintage cars . you ?	i work as an accountant with my finance degree acquired in 2011 .
9 the two dogs i've are shepherds . do you have any pets ?	my parents bought me a yorkie yesterday ! being successful wealthy bankers and all .
10 right on ! do you like country music ? i love it .	no . i am into punk rock ! is being a mechanic your dream job ?
11 it didn't start out to be . i always had old cars so i had to learn .	yeah . next year i want to go to business school to become a manager .
12 sounds like a plan ! go for it !	what do you like to do for fun ?
13 concerts . a lot of country music festivals .	i like to take my dog for walks and sometimes i volunteer .
1 partner's persona: i'm always wearing a hat.
2 partner's persona: my favourite skater is rob dryden.
3 partner's persona: i am a skateboarder.
4 partner's persona: my friends are all skateboarders.
5 partner's persona: i have a broken arm.
6 hello ! how are you doing today ?	good , how are you today ?
7 i'm doing great ! i'm just trying to find a hat to ear	must be cold where you at ? i'm in pennsylvania
8 i'm in new york so yeah its very cold	hopefully this winter not bad . i pregnant first child
9 well congratulation ! i am single with no children	thanks , just started new job as a pa so hopefully good maternity leave
10 what is a pa ? never heard of that	personal assistant . what kind of work do you do ?
11 i'm a professional skateboarder	wow very cool ! my husband likes to skateboard on weekends
12 i currently can't skate due to a broke arm	hope your arm heals soon ! did you break it skateboarding
13 sadly yeah i did . it hurts	do you like reading ? i try to read a new book every week
1 partner's persona: my favourite artist is travis scott.
2 partner's persona: i have one older sister.
3 partner's persona: i am currently looking for a job preferably at a restaurant.
4 partner's persona: my mother is a dentist.
5 hi there , any plans for the week ?	hi , just imagining world take over . you ?
6 i'm job hunting , preferably a restaurant .	have you thought about housekeeping ? it is what i do
7 i'd like to work at a restaurant . i enjoy that type of work .	i was one a painter , loved that . good luck in restaurants !
8 yeah , my mom is a dentist , but i do not enjoy that line of work	teeth seem difficult to work with . do you have kids ?
9 no , i do not , i have an older sister . how about you ?	i have 2 adult children , i never see them though .
10 i see . i'll be going to a concert next weekend .	what concert ? i use to travel with a band when i was young
11 to a travis scott concert . he's my favorite .	nice , i was beautiful once , but now i am 56
12 well , everybody gets old .	time isn't always kind to us though
1 partner's persona: i have blonde hair and blue eyes.
2 partner's persona: i'm in college to become a nurse.
3 partner's persona: i recently got an apartment with my best friend.
4 partner's persona: i work at a bar at night to pay for college.
5 partner's persona: i don't like chicken.
6 how are you doing today	kind of tired . i hate monday .
7 do you go to school at all	no i am in between jobs .
8 what do you want to do	i am not really sure . i broken my arm skateboarding .
9 that sounds really awful . i am sorry	that's okay . the price of having fun . what do you do ?
10 go to school and work	at the same time ? that is a lot .
11 i have to in order to do what i want	what do you want to do ?
12 work in the health field	i see . maybe i could use that for my broken arm . i want to make hats .
13 that would be really fun	i am wearing one now , made from paper .
1 partner's persona: i love social medial especially twitter.
2 partner's persona: i spend a lot of time browsing the internet.
3 partner's persona: i have solar panels on my roof.
4 partner's persona: i buy only organic food products.
5 hi , how are you doing today ?	good . i am a cashier at the local supermarket , you ?
6 pretty good . i'm a barista at a coffee shop	interesting . i live in ohio , never been anywhere else . what about you ?
7 i live in nebraska . i don't think i've ever been to ohio before .	it is pretty boring , not much to do . do you have pets ?
8 i do not have any pets . i spend alot of time on my computer	my cats name is spook . what is your favorite food ?
9 i love chinese food . whats your favorite food ?	pizza with black olives .
10 i've not had pizza in a long time that sounds amazing	do you have any hobbies ?
11 i have been putting solar panels on the top of my house . how about you ?	i'd love to know more about solar energy . i like to swim .
12 i spend alot of time on the beach , swimming is fun too .	i love to go to the beach as well . what is your favorite color ?
1 partner's persona: i have never been out of ohio.
2 partner's persona: my favorite band is the who.
3 partner's persona: my favorite food is pizza with black olives.
4 partner's persona: i work for our local supermarket.
5 partner's persona: i have a cat named spook.
6 hi , want to get to know each other	sure . i am 23 years old and i eat a whole lot of food .
7 do you like pizza ? that is my favorite	i love it . i tried to cook it but i am bad at cooking .
8 pizza is available everywhere anyway . i like mine with olives	i had pizza in italy . i travel a lot .
9 i've never left my home state , i'm jealous	where do you live then ?
10 i'm from ohio . i will probably die here with my cat	oh . i still need to eat ohio food . i want to eat all kinds of food .
11 wow you weren't kidding . have you seen a doctor ?	i get plenty of exercise so it is not a problem for me .
12 well okay , but obsession seems unhealthy	yeah , are you obsessed with anything ?
13 maybe the who they are my favorite band	oh , i have never heard of them .
1 partner's persona: i've a weakness for fish and chips.
2 partner's persona: i'm a descendant of christopher columbus.
3 partner's persona: i visit europe twice a year.
4 partner's persona: i am an art major in college.
5 partner's persona: i love to cook paella.
6 hi , want to get to know each other ?	hey there , sure i guess , do you have a favorite color ?
7 blue , what is your favorite ?	purple and lime green , actually just finished painting my room those
8 wild colors . i like that . i am majoring in art	i am still in highschool , two years left , no idea what i am going to do
9 college is the place to figure that out	they tell you to have it figured out by junior year though ,
10 you'll know when the time is right . try a semester abroad	that's awfully expensive though is it not ?
11 totally worth it . i go to europe all the time	i would love to do that , but i only travel for my horse competitions
12 that sounds fun . where do you go for them ?	all over depending what we qualify for , i mean not out of the us anyways
13 i guess it would be hard to travel over seas with a horse	it would be expensive , and my horse would just not have it
1 partner's persona: i'm a vegan.
2 partner's persona: i've brown curly hair.
3 partner's persona: i will graduate from high school in two years.
4 partner's persona: my bedroom is purple and lime green.
5 hello there , friend ! wanna talk ?	absolutely ! how old are you ? i'm in my 30s .
6 oh , well , i'm definitely half your age .	oh wow , that's quite a difference . do you know what a lite brite is ?
7 not really , though i have heard of something similar to that .	it was my favorite toy as a child . what kind of music do you like ?
8 i actually like pop music a lot .	do you like new kids on the block ? i love them , and old school hip hop .
9 not really . i think one of them has brown curly hair , though , like me !	that is funny ! i take dance lessons so i can dance just like them .
10 oh really ? i'm actually in high school and i'm graduating as class of 2019 !	that's so exciting ! what do you want to study in college ?
11 not sure , maybe cooking , because being on a vegan diet is very strict .	oh wow , i could never be a vegan . i love cheese way too much !
12 it is pretty difficult to maintain a diet	i can only imagine . what are your favorite foods ?
1 partner's persona: my mom is coming to visit me tomorrow.
2 partner's persona: i am here for shoplifting.
3 partner's persona: i am currently in a juvenile detention center.
4 partner's persona: i will be released in about a month.
5 hello ? is this my mom ?	no i live in ohio how about you
6 me to . i thought you were her . she said she would be here tomorrow though .	no i'm not her
7 i stole something . that's why i'm in jail .	are you in jail
8 yeah but i didn't mean to . i just wanted a toy .	did you stole a toy
9 yea . so who are you if you are not my mom ?	i'm just guy who works at supermarket
10 whoa . in a month can you buy my the action figure i wanted ?	i am not sure i can
11 but that's where i saw it ! do you not have money ?	i do have money i'll try to buy it
12 ok it can be my present for when i go home in a month .	sure what is your favorite food
1 partner's persona: i am from a small town.
2 partner's persona: i was raised on a horse farm.
3 partner's persona: my family has raised horses for a generations.
4 partner's persona: i dream of moving to the city.
5 partner's persona: i want to be a lawyer.
6 good morning , what are you up to today ?	i'm just out walking my dog
7 dogs are great , personally i love horses	horses are great too but i hate scorpions
8 i grew up on a farm , we raised horses . we had lots of critters to deal with	i am sure you did what colors do you like
9 blue is my favorite color	i am boring and like grey
10 whats your job ? i am moving to the city to go to law school	i work at the post office
11 i'm nervous about leaving my small town to go to the city	are you getting ready to move
12 yes , i am packing . i have my law school acceptance letter	that is great ave you always wanted to be a lawyer
13 yes it has been my dream since i was a small child	that is great you must be excited
1 partner's persona: a already have a children.
2 partner's persona: i am an omnivore.
3 partner's persona: i work at a bank.
4 partner's persona: i just bought my first home.
5 hello , gentle soul . i'm omnivorous with a child .	hello , and congratulations . my dog says hello too .
6 wow a dog . get real . does it work at banking as i do ?	no , she's sitting here staring at my screen , watching me type .
7 do you think woody allen is guilty ?	i do not know who that is .
8 are you like from africa , or a child , or something ?	no , i am in my late twenties .
9 you have never heard of woody allen ? also why can i not type contractions ?	no , i haven't . that's a weird thing ;
10 i am a new home owner , by the way . do you not watch movies ?	i do , but i've a feeling we have different tastes in movies .
11 what is a good movie for you ?	star wars , captain america , fast and the furious .
12 oh , i see . you can type faster . i too like star wars .	rogue one is my favorite .
1 partner's persona: i went to school for chemistry but work in a bookstore.
2 partner's persona: i compete in dog agility classes.
3 partner's persona: i do not care about fashion.
4 partner's persona: i hate the color orange.
5 hi how are you doing ? whats new ?	nothing much listening to some music you ?
6 reading a book i got from work to train my dog	neat what kind of dog ?
7 a lab , trying to teach him a backflip before next weeks show .	that must be some dog . are you a trainer ?
8 in my spare time , i work in a bookstore , how about you ?	my dog goes where i go , we live in memphis .
9 good bbq . people say to hell with fashion down there . i like that .	i spend a lot of time singing in this great usa .
10 cool , what do you sing mostly ?	yea not much my style either some jeans and a hat is all i need most days
11 jeans and a hat , i like your style , unless they are orange	well i am a country boy and that is all i will ever be .
12 that sounds like a line from a song . is it ?	one of my favorite lines yes !
1 partner's persona: i like to make time stop.
2 partner's persona: i have superpowers.
3 partner's persona: i am a little girl.
4 partner's persona: i am very lonely.
5 partner's persona: i live in the cloud.
6 hello , will you spend some time talking to me ?	i would be happy too . how are you doing today ?
7 i am a little lonely today . what kind of superpower do you have ?	i have the ability to charm others with my music . how about you ?
8 i can fly and make time stop . what kind of music do you play ?	that is exciting . i play country music
9 will your music reach me in the clouds ?	yes i'm sure you can hear me play my guitar
10 i'd enjoy that , it is lonely in the clouds .	it may lonely but i am sure it is beautiful . do you make friends with the birds ?
11 that's true . no , i like to freeze them in time .	how do the birds respond to you freezing them
12 once i unfreeze them they fly away . do you play your music on the weekends ?	yes sometimes . i would like for you to hear it . what is your favorite song ?
13 my favorite song is let it go ! do you know it ?	i am not familiar with it but i'll look it up sometime
1 partner's persona: i hate school.
2 partner's persona: i am a 12 year old girl.
3 partner's persona: i have blue eyes and red hair that comes to my waist.
4 partner's persona: i do not have many friends.
5 i'm soooo bored at school today !	i'm so glad i'm not in school anymore and work full time instead .
6 i do not have a lot of friends , but i do have internet access	i work with a local volunteer opportunity that rescues bunnies .
7 it stinks being 12 years old with no pals , i wish i had bunnies to play with !	they're very cute . i was in the military so it is great therapy .
8 how many bunnies are ther ?	there are so many i cannot count .
9 do they get adopted , or what happens to them ?	yes they eventually get adopted .
10 sometimes we see them on the lawn at school	they run very fast and are hard to catch . do you like animals ?
11 oh yes , all kinds . i've a cat at home and my brother has a dog	i wish i had a dog .
12 what is your favorite dog ?	i am a big fan of german shepherds .
1 partner's persona: my favorite spanish word is trabajo.
2 partner's persona: i also study languages.
3 partner's persona: i'm a musician.
4 partner's persona: my next language to study is french.
5 hi , i like many languages . do you ?	hello . i only speak english . how is your day ?
6 my day is good . how is yours ?	good . just got home from work at burger king .
7 burger king is a fun job . i have been studying language all day !	oh ! how cool . what language ?
8 i was studying spanish before . i learned trabajo . burger king is your trabajo .	si ! muy bien . i am so proud of you !
9 thank you ! you already know spanish ? ! ?	just a small amount . i took 4 years in high school . then forgot most of it .
10 ha ! yes that happens with languages . . . and algebra !	yes ! and chemistry as well .
11 so true ! what kind of music do you like ?	i like anything but country music . you ?
12 i like all music . i'm not too fond of really strange jazz , though .	same ! i just listen to whatever my friends have on in their cars .
1 partner's persona: i'm a museum tour guide.
2 partner's persona: i grow roses in my garden.
3 partner's persona: i love to drink fancy tea.
4 partner's persona: i am partly deaf.
5 partner's persona: i have a big library at home.
6 hey , jefferson here , just got off work as a museum tour guide .	wow that is cool mr . i'm only 4
7 oh . do you like roses ? i've some in my garden .	yeah flowers are okay . my mom got me turtle
8 did they get you any fancy tea ? i love that .	no i make messed with my toys and don't pick them up .
9 oh . i'd be okay with it , i am kind of deaf .	is that so ? have you ever stepped on a lego ?
10 yes it hurts so much , i keep some in my library at home .	yeah my parents do not like it . so i try to play with dolls
11 dolls are some cute toys .	mine were before , but i never clean them
12 oh , well sounds like its time for a shower .	oh you are going to go shower ?
13 no , for your dolls haha .	oh yes , i think that's right
1 partner's persona: i've zero family that i am close to.
2 partner's persona: my name is george.
3 partner's persona: i'm a bee farmer.
4 partner's persona: i married a super model from italy.
5 partner's persona: my favorite food is papaya.
6 howdy , i'm george . how are you ?	i'm great george , just set around braiding my dogs hair
7 oh , neat . what kind of dog do you have ?	i lied i do not have a dog , but do have a bird
8 haha , interesting . i am not big on animals , but i do farm bees .	wow , you have seen the bees knees , i am i mean i was a doctor
9 how long have you been a doctor ?	ten years , but now i'm searching for a job because i got fired
10 oh no , that is unfortunate . did you do something wrong ?	making a video for americas funniest videos , while doing heart surgery
11 ha , they must not have a sense of humor . do you like papayas ?	i do , and now i just watch my all time favorite movie friday , hey
12 i love friday ! i wish i had close family like that .	i love going to the park . do you ? i like to trip roller skater with logs
13 ha , i mostly stay around my farm . you sound like a funny person though .	well , tell my old boss that , i like farms , i like to play with piglets
1 partner's persona: i love listening to britney spears.
2 partner's persona: i diet a lot.
3 partner's persona: i love spending money.
4 partner's persona: i like to tan in tanning beds.
5 partner's persona: i'm high maintenance.
6 omg ! hi . so excited to chat !	howdy ! ! ! i just got done working the farm so i need to relax !
7 i was just shopping . bought a new home tan bed .	wow ! i live in the country so i've a farmers tan !
8 winter is coming and i need to maintain my summer body and tan .	tell me about it ! my pet cow will be sad when it gets colder . betsy loves warmth .
9 mani , pedi , tan and diet . keeps me looking young and at my best .	my electrician salary could not afford all that !
10 you are in the country ? what types of music do you have there ?	i blast good ole country music in my big dodge ram !
11 no britney spears ? she s my favorite .	my parents would yell if they heard britney spears ! their farm is country only !
12 i like sports cars . . . and tons of luxury items .	what is your favorite sports car ? only big trucks for me .
13 definitely a lamborghini . to me it says a lot about the guy who drives it .	tells you they are not hillbillies huh !
1 partner's persona: my favorite color is red.
2 partner's persona: i enjoy listening to classical music.
3 partner's persona: i am a christian.
4 partner's persona: my sister is a pole dancer.
5 hello , how are you on this wonderful day	i am good and you ?
6 great , what is your favorite color ?	my favorite color is blue . do you have a favorite character ?
7 i like red , like fire truck	my favorite character is mickey mouse .
8 oh , mickey is my sisters stage name , she's a pole dancer	every year i would love to go to disney world with my family .
9 i go there a lot with my church , it is a christian church	i love frozen so i love to sing the songs from the movie .
10 oh that's nice , i am more into classical music	yes well i love disney musicals .
11 i like the movie tangled a lot , but frozen is nice too	tangled was good but frozen was great .
12 yes i like it a lot , i hope the next one is just as good	what grade are you in ?
1 partner's persona: i grew up in manhattan.
2 partner's persona: i drive a bmw.
3 partner's persona: i plan to go to business school next year.
4 partner's persona: my parents are very wealthy bankers.
5 partner's persona: i graduated from yale in 2011 with a degree in finance.
6 what do you like to do for a living ?	you hiring ? i am forty , a car salesman and unhappily married .
7 i've my on online business i am 27 and single	wow ! my divorce is final tomorrow . wife is a big spender but does not work .
8 wow ! that must sucks i love to make an save money	great ! you need a car ? i wish i had a business . you happy ?
9 yes i need a new vehicle and yes i'm very happy	that is good ! what kind of business are you in ? you hiring ?
10 i do marketing and drop shipping , and yes of course i'm always hiring	wow ! is forty old ? my wife takes my money . help !
11 no forty is the new 20 . but why she takes your money	the divorce ! what positions do you have open ?
12 oh wow that really sucks . and assistant marketing director	get out ! i hate selling cars . you need a salesperson ?
1 partner's persona: i drive a nissan pathfinder.
2 partner's persona: my favourite music is country music.
3 partner's persona: i've short brown hair.
4 partner's persona: i am a convenience store manager.
5 partner's persona: i met taylor swift.
6 hello , how are you tonight ?	i'm good just resting had a long day volunteered at a soup kitchen
7 nice , i just drove my nissan pathfinder into my garage	omg noo lol are you ok
8 yeah i jam my country music , with my short brown hair	whats your favorite food ? mine is cheeseburgers
9 i love pizza , i eat a lot being a convenience store manager	i was same way when i gew up since we were poor my 1st job was mcdonalds
10 cool , i met taylor swift at mcdonalds	omg that is crazy my lil sister says she is running out of songs since she uses ppl
11 yeah , sounds really fun . hows your night going ?	alright watching tv and you ?
12 watching planet of the apes , new one and surveys	i am ariel by the way were are you from ?
13 is your name really ariel ? i just had someone else named ariel haha	that is me lol but i guess we keep getting each other so what sports do you like ?
1 partner's persona: i do not drink or do drugs or anything.
2 partner's persona: i just want to have fun with my friends.
3 partner's persona: i am 19 and i cannot wait to move out 19 my parents home.
4 partner's persona: i work took i've a part time job at burger king.
5 hi i am jane and i do have never drink , and do drugs that's harmful	i agree , nice to meet you jane
6 same to you . i am 19 of age and cannot wait to move out	i am jess , i've 3 dogs . i love dogs ! do you have any pets ?
7 i work part time at burger king to make some income	that's great ! i love burger king ! i have a dog walking business
8 yeah it was close to my parents house	i enjoy watching gymnastics , what do you like to do ?
9 i want to have more time with my friends	it is always good to have a well rounded social life !
10 it is ans some times you wish you just had more time	it is important to make time !
11 it is and i'll sometime next week its been hectic with school as well	where do you go to school ? what is your major ?
12 i'm in a community college near me	that's great ! do you have a major ?
1 partner's persona: i'm a gold medalist olympian.
2 partner's persona: i workout four hours a day.
3 partner's persona: my favorite color is yellow.
4 partner's persona: i love italian food and garlic bread.
5 hi ! how are you doing today ?	oh i'm doing ok , you ?
6 i am doing fine thank you . i just got back from a four hour workout .	that must have been crazy . do you have pets ?
7 yes i do . he's a yellow lab named yellow because yellow is awesome !	that is great , i have a cow
8 a cow ? ! last time i saw a cow was when i was training for the olympics .	you are an olympian ? yeah my parents farm
9 a gold medalist ! what other animals do you have ?	that's wild , in what ? horses too
10 swimming . sorry for talking slow , i'm eating some food .	that is fine , what are you eating ?
11 pasta and garlic bread , it is the best . what is your favorite food ?	sounds great , i love noodles
12 what is your favorite noodle ?	any kind of ramen i love
1 partner's persona: i've visited spain a times.
2 partner's persona: i really like to travel.
3 partner's persona: i think i'll retire in a few years.
4 partner's persona: i'm 60years old.
5 hello , how are you tonight ?	rap is my favorite music i also produce them
6 that's amazing i just turned 60 and i love rap	i have a pet and it is called charlie
7 what kind of animal is it ?	good for you , i have a 2015 civic from honda
8 nice i like to travel i could use a car	it is a dog , what is your favorite food , i love pizza
9 i like dogs , and pizza , but i only eat pizza	where do you want to go , how much will you paid me to drive you ?
10 back to spain , i have been before a few times	pizza is good , what type of pizza do you like ?
11 pineapple , bacon , olive , and salami . and you ?	i love pineapple pizza and soda
12 what kind of soda do you like ?	coke is it and you ? do you like 7 up ?
1 partner's persona: coffee is my preferred beverage.
2 partner's persona: i drive a mini van.
3 partner's persona: i coach little league baseball.
4 partner's persona: i have five sons.
5 hey , there ! sorry if i sound too excited . just chugged a ton of coffee	wow that is funny what do you do for a living
6 i coach baseball for the little ones , mostly my for my sons	that is so cute i'm in college
7 good for you ! what are you studying ?	computer science its challenging but interesting
8 i wish you nothing but the best with that ! want to know something ?	sure what should i know
9 i drive the same mini van that i drove in college . drove it to parties	that sounds like a good car
10 i mean , all five of my boys fit in , but it is a train wreck	wow five boys sounds like a handful
11 it is , but i love them like i love coffee . tell be about you !	my parents came here from india
12 did they go to college too ?	they did but they're pushing me to be the best i can
1 partner's persona: i also study languages.
2 partner's persona: one of the languages that i'm currently studying is spanish.
3 partner's persona: my favorite spanish word is trabajo.
4 partner's persona: my next language to study is french.
5 hola ! how are you doing tonight ?	hi there . i'm well , thanks . yourself ?
6 very well ! i am just trying to get my spanish down well .	i finally finished unpacking tonight . you have a spanish test ?
7 love languages and study them . working on spanish . trabajo is a great word !	that's interesting . what does that word mean ?
8 where were you ? i would love to go to france . that is the next language i am tackling !	i just moved to the usa from romania .
9 trabajo means work . in french , the word for work is travail .	i take care of my stepchildren and am currently 6 months pregnant with triplets . . . so no work .
10 wow ! welcome to the usa ! what languages do you speak ?	i only speak english . my parents and grandparents moved to romania from yorkshire when i was three .
11 well , at least you know english to be able to communicate here !	most of the townspeople actually spoke decent english where i grew up in romania .
12 that is good . i cannot wait to learn french .	i lived in paris as an exchange student in high school . i hated the language barrier .
1 partner's persona: i'm a descendant of christopher columbus.
2 partner's persona: i love to cook paella.
3 partner's persona: i am an art major in college.
4 partner's persona: i've a weakness for fish and chips.
5 hello i am a art major in college , what do you do .	hi . i try all kinds of coffee as a hobby and i read poetry .
6 how cool , i love cooking , one of my favorites is paella .	i really love star wars and am a huge fan . do you like it ?
7 yes , i love star wars . i'm descendant of christopher columbus	me too ! i also like to make paella . i played for a division of football in college .
8 besides cooking i love to eat , i have a major weakness for fish and chips .	i have heard that about people who are descendants of christopher columbus .
9 what position did you play in football ?	i don't remember . maybe linebacker ? i've forgotten how to play .
10 yes , all descendants from christopher columbus love star wars .	i know ! we surely do .
11 what else do you like to do ?	you must also love poetry and coffee
12 of course , you can not have one without the other .	i like to cook , run , read poetry , drink coffee , play football . and starwars
1 partner's persona: my mother is a dentist.
2 partner's persona: i am currently looking for a job preferably at a restaurant.
3 partner's persona: i like playing basketball.
4 partner's persona: my favourite artist is travis scott.
5 partner's persona: i've one older sister.
6 i'm looking for a restaurant job . what do you do ?	i'm a chef . my name is larry what is yours ?
7 mike . are you hiring ? haha	not at the moment . do you have any hobbies ?
8 i like to play basketball . how about you ?	i love to be on the water , fishing is one of my favorite things to do .
9 very nice . i have an older sister . she loves to fish	nice , i like comic books as well . what position do you play in basketball .
10 i'm a point guard . my mom was a dentist and never let me read comic books .	your mom was probably looking out for you . do you have any pets ?
11 no pets . how about you ?	no i always wanted a dog . what state do you live in ?
12 i live in ca . there is an artist here , travis scott , who is my favorite .	never heard of him . what type of music does he sing ?
13 alternative music . what else do you do in your spare time ?	i like to snowboard in the winter .
1 partner's persona: i do not drink soda.
2 partner's persona: i like to take walks.
3 partner's persona: i've a boyfriend.
4 partner's persona: i live in a house.
5 partner's persona: i like to eat hamburgers and french fries.
6 i just cam back from a walk . how is your morning ?	i feel tired this morning , worked too late last night .
7 what do you do ? i walked and got a burger and fries from the corner .	i work at burger king part time , and go to school part time .
8 maybe you made my burger ! i wish there were more options than soda .	me too , but i'm not the boss . are you working ?
9 i am at home right now with my boyfriend . are you ?	no i've to get going again to work . i want to save money and move out .
10 where do you want to move ?	i have no idea , just out from my parents home
11 you can move in with us ! there's plenty of room in the house .	that would be nice . are you renting it out ?
12 i could rent you a room .	i am very easygoing , no drinking or drug .
13 well , weed is legal here , but i do not smoke anyway .	ah good . that's fun . i will come take a look .
1 partner's persona: i am a vegetarian.
2 partner's persona: i'm married.
3 partner's persona: i enjoy sports such as running.
4 partner's persona: i am a woman.
5 partner's persona: my favorite color is blue.
6 care to chat with a married woman vegetarian ?	sure ! i just got back five guys
7 wow i just got back from running , one of the sports i enjoy	what sport do you enjoy ?
8 running the most . but there are others , too .	well , i'm a teacher ! little kids !
9 no kids here , i've too many projects anyway .	what are some of projects ? i'm going to get married
10 congrats ! i'm painting my house blue my fav color	my favorite color is green !
11 that is a great color too . what did you do this weekend ?	i just went to the movies , but there wasn'thing good !
12 maybe next weekend will have better movies	i hope so , because it was boring
13 enjoyed chatting , off to bed , take care	i'll as well ! thanks !
1 partner's persona: a already have a step children.
2 partner's persona: i recently moved to this country.
3 partner's persona: i just moved into my first home.
4 partner's persona: i work at a school.
5 i hate mondays what about you	mondays used to suck , but i'm retired so they don't bother me
6 i just got my first house	i remember that feeling , its a good one , do you love it ?
7 yes indeed . i just moved to the us too	oh where were you from before
8 i'm from the uk	oh i want to visit there very badly , but my cancer just went into remission
9 what kind of cancer do you have	breast cancer , really took a toll on me
10 i am very sorry to hear that	hopefully it will stay in remission , what do you do for a living ?
11 i am a full time parent	so you don't work whatsoever ?
12 yes teach the first grade	then that would be considered working ? do you enjoy it ?
1 partner's persona: i have visited spain a times.
2 partner's persona: i am 60years old.
3 partner's persona: i think i will retire in a few years.
4 partner's persona: i am a librarian.
5 good day ! my name is richard .	hey there rick , i am andy . are you in aaa like me ?
6 ah no i am not . do you like to travel ? my favorite destination is spain .	i travel in the city . my meds make me see things some times .
7 sorry about that andy . how old are you ? sixty years am i .	45 . stay away from alcohol , and if you can , buy a farm .
8 hmm . perhaps i will buy a farm when i retire . . just a few years . no alcohol !	retiring as a teen ? that's pretty impressive . what do you do ?
9 i'm sixty ! make a living as a librarian for boston college . you ?	oh , okay . i thought you said 16 . sorry , i see things at times .
10 ha ha yes . how many meds do you take ?	i take a lot . some days eight , some days twelve .
11 wow . that is a lot of medication . i hope you are getting better .	thank you . how did you end up a librarian ?
12 i love books . well i need to get back to work . you take care andy .	thank you , lunch time is over for me as well .
1 partner's persona: i live in a three storey house.
2 partner's persona: i'm a professional tennis player.
3 partner's persona: i am married to a doctor.
4 partner's persona: i enjoy long walks with my dog.
5 hi , how are you doing today ?	i am pretty good . just a little lonely .
6 same here , my name is jessi . who are you ?	i am dave . what is your favorite show ?
7 the wonder years . . . . and yours ?	i like every show i've ever seen
8 are you married ? do you have kids ?	i think i'll be alone forever . you ?
9 i've no kids and i live alone .	we are so similar . do you like cars like me ?
10 i love cars and my husbands a doctor	you live alone with your husband ?
11 well we are separated but i live alone in a three story house	i'd not know what that's like since i never had a relationship .
1 partner's persona: i drive a ford pinto.
2 partner's persona: on weekends i do live action roleplaying events.
3 partner's persona: i play a lot of call of duty.
4 partner's persona: my favorite band is the insane clown posse.
5 hello , how are you tonight ?	i'm sick , thank goodness my husband is a doctor . stupid flu .
6 ugh , that is horrid . i'm sorry . do you play call of duty ?	no , i do play tennis professionally though . any sports for you ?
7 no , i do larp and conventions .	that sounds super fun ! i bet my kids would love it . i have so many .
8 they would ! i do comic con as well . you should bring them .	my family is growing yet again , twins . i cannot travel or i would totally .
9 i don't have any kids , congratulations !	thanks , they're expensive . we just had to move to a 3 storey home .
10 they sure are . i hope to have a large family one day .	mine is growing all the time . i feel like john and kate plus 8 sometimes .
11 that's a lot of kids ,	apparently i am very fertile . just look at me the wrong way and i am pregnant lol .
12 lol . i'd have trouble naming all of them .	i cannot even keep them straight half the time .
1 partner's persona: i grew up on a farm.
2 partner's persona: i take many medications and some of them make me see things.
3 partner's persona: i'm a recovering alcoholic.
4 partner's persona: i am a 45 year old male.
5 hey . where are you from ? i'm from a farm in wisconsin	i love ice cream what is your favorite ? mine is chocolate
6 mine is mint chocolate chip	i love wife and my kids they love chocolate ice cream also
7 i am currently single . no kids . but i am 45	three children is in my family , i work as a plumber
8 i'm currently unemployed . i just got out of rehab for alcohol addiction	you want my kids ? plenty to spare , we go to park together
9 i don't think i am the right person	oh , kids is not good for you then , i take that back . how is it going ?
10 i still have to take medications which now mess with my head , but other than that good	okay , sorry to know . are you lonely ?
11 yes . i live alone . but hopefully i will find someone to spend time with	think positive , how is your social life ?
12 nonexistent . i used to be a party king , but had to drop out of that life	you'll soon , it is good to have a family .
1 partner's persona: my wife and kids are the best.
2 partner's persona: i have three children.
3 partner's persona: i am a plumber.
4 partner's persona: my favorite ice cream flavor is chocolate.
5 hello ! how are you today	i am great . just making a salad . yummy
6 that sounds amazing ! any dessert after that ?	oh no . i eat very clean . maybe some strawberries
7 ohh so healthy ! i love ice cream . . chocolate is my favorite one hehe .	i really miss it but i have been eating healthy ever since i overcame cancer
8 omg i'm glad you did , do you work now ?	yes i just got a new job yesterday
9 what is it ? i work as a plumber	i am a life coach
10 nice ! do you have a family ?	yes i do . my parents are very athletic like i'm
11 aww my wife is lovely and my kids too . . i have three !	that is great . kids are lovely
1 partner's persona: i'm studying to be a computer programmer.
2 partner's persona: i'm a swim coach at my local pool.
3 partner's persona: my favorite music genre is death metal.
4 partner's persona: my mother is very traditional while i prefer to be more free spirited.
5 when i finish school i will be a computer programmer	i love driving my pathfinder , it is a nissan .
6 i like driving as well , listening to death metal music	that is a great job ! high paying . my hair is short and is brown
7 i also coach swimming at a near by pool , do you have hobbies	i like taylor swift not death metal . . .
8 i am very free spirited person , but my mother is somewhat traditional	i love county music , and exercise
9 those are great hobbies , where are you from ?	we all have different values .
10 yes we do , but my lfe is rather boring	i live in the country in usa .
11 i also live in the usa , florida to be exact	how boring is your life ? do you like country music ?
12 it is ok music every once in a while to listen too	is it hot there now ? almost winter .
1 partner's persona: i spend my time bird watching with my cats.
2 partner's persona: my age is too old to say.
3 partner's persona: the holidays make me depressed.
4 partner's persona: i'm an animal activist.
5 hi , how are you ? i am great !	i am good . i am eating chocolate . it is my favorite .
6 i love my animals . i'm an old lady with cats .	i'm only 4 . i will be 5 when i have a birthday .
7 do you have a pet ?	no . but i have blocks and like to play with them and sing .
8 i love the birds and my cats .	how many do you have ?
9 i've two cats . i watch the birds outside . it is getting close to holidays .	do your cats ever eat the birds ?
10 the holidays always gets me sad . my cats keep me happy .	i'm sorry you are sad . do you want to play with my blocks ?
11 i stand up for all animals . no , the cats like chipmunks .	i like chipmunks too . i'd want to play with them .
1 partner's persona: i enjoy coloring books.
2 partner's persona: i live is a rural farming community.
3 partner's persona: my husband is adopted.
4 partner's persona: i like to watch nhl hockey.
5 partner's persona: i've a german shepherd dog.
6 hello , how are ya mate ?	i'm busted , a broken arm while skateboarding .
7 ahh that sucks mate , how did you break your arm ?	all my friends and i were skateboarding and i landed wrong .
8 ahh , reminds me of them hockey falls , i enjoy watching nhl hockey .	i understand , i fell , bones were broken , but my hat stayed on ! huh
9 do you wear many hats and do you own any pets ?	plenty hats , and a dog . we are both here watching rob dryden skateboard .
10 which breed ? i own a german shepherd and he's so full of energy .	i've a german shepherd also . the best dog ever .
11 oh yes they're , do you like adult coloring books ?	no not my thing . i love card games .
12 me too , cards against humanity lol , and i love coloring books they de stress me .	i heard that from a few friends maybe i will try it someday .
1 partner's persona: my father drove a car for nascar.
2 partner's persona: my favorite color is grey.
3 partner's persona: i am terrified of scorpions.
4 partner's persona: i have a german shepherd named barnaby.
5 my dog barnaby is gray and we both hate scorpions .	that's very interesting . so i guess you live in a place with scorpions ?
6 yes ! barnaby is my german shepherd and my dad races cars .	when i retire in few years i'll travel all over the country to nascar races .
7 cool ! wonder woman and i both love the color grey . you like scorpions ?	i've seen scorpions during my travels to spain .
8 me , barnaby and my dad travelled to spain for a nascar event .	i did not know they had nascar in spain .
9 oh yes ! they have scorpions and grey german shepherds too !	i have read about this in the library where i work .
10 wow ! you have a dog ? did you see lots of libraries in spain ?	i've two dogs , tater and tot .
11 cute ! my dad lets me and barnaby ride in his nascar car . you drink ?	at my age i shouldn't be drinking anymore . how old are you ?
12 great ! i am 14 . do you like grey hair ? i do	do you type with one finger ?
1 partner's persona: my wife and kids are the best.
2 partner's persona: my favorite ice cream flavor is chocolate.
3 partner's persona: i'm a plumber.
4 partner's persona: i've three children.
5 hello ! how are you today ?	oh i feel as if i could live forever ! i am quite strong for an old broad !
6 live forever ? what is making you feel that way ?	i could just dance and sip wine by the light of the moon !
7 very cool . i can eat ice creams by the gallon	that won't put too many years on your life ! not as many as me !
8 i am a plumber for a living . let me eat my ice cream in peace	come on . guess how old i am ! before tvs !
9 were you born in 1943 ?	not even close ! i am 100 baby ! hash tag forever young
10 wow ! i never thought you could be that old	life is good baby doll !
11 not for me . i have to feed three kids on this job	that'sn'thing ! i had 10 and my husband made a dollar a week .
12 what ! ? that must of been such a struggle	priorities are everything ! we made it work .
1 partner's persona: i was poor growing up.
2 partner's persona: i volunteer at a soup kitchen.
3 partner's persona: i like watching war documentaries.
4 partner's persona: cheeseburgers are my favorite food.
5 hello , how are you tonight ?	ok . just enjoying my television watching time . wishing i had someone to watch with .
6 i know the feeling . my husband is out of town and i'm home alone .	i wish i had a husband instead of being alone when i do my work at home .
7 do you date ? volunteer somewhere ? i met mine doing volunteer work .	i guess it is because i don't have time with the gym , work , tv , and cars .
8 what is your favorite food ? mine is cheeseburgers .	i love pizza , but i really enjoy putting my cash into the cars i have .
9 what are you building ? my dad built my mustang .	i am not really building . just love to spend money on buying them .
10 that's cool too . my husband has a raptor that he is putting money in .	maybe i should spend more money on trying to take a date out to a nice restaurant .
11 you really should ! girls like cars too , you know .	yes . you think i would meet someone at the gym .
12 absolutely , look on the treadmills or bikes .	yes . just ask if they like cars .
1 partner's persona: i have a hat collection of over 1000 hats.
2 partner's persona: i won a gold medal in the 1992 olympics.
3 partner's persona: my favorite season is winter.
4 partner's persona: i've a weakness for vanilla ice cream.
5 partner's persona: i love cats and have two cats.
6 hello ! do you like hats ?	hi there ! i am not into them , but my kids love them .
7 i have a huge collection . perfect for winter .	that is great ! i have three kids so we are always in need of them .
8 they are welcome to come over and borrow some ! do you have pets ?	perfect . i do not , but my wife and kids would love a dog .
9 dogs always chase my cats . i prefer cats .	oh no ! cats are such funny animals , very independent .
10 yes they're ! that is one reason i like them . and they're furry !	what do you do for a living ?
11 i'm a retired athlete . went to the 1992 olympics	wow ! that is impressive . we love to eat ice cream while watching the olympics .
12 what kind is your favorite ? i love vanilla . would eat it all day .	i prefer chocolate myself , but my wonderful wife loves vanilla .
13 i wish i was married . cannot wait to find that special someone .	it is the best . my wife and kids are awesome .
1 partner's persona: i love taking bubble baths.
2 partner's persona: i like to play chess.
3 partner's persona: i am in my thirties.
4 partner's persona: i'm single and with two dogs.
5 partner's persona: i do not drink alcohol.
6 hi . i am a chess playing dude past thirty in age , and have less than three dogs .	uh okay ? way to reword a prompt ? what do you do for a living
7 perhaps i am involved in the bubble bath industry . i love them .	ever work with bath bombs ?
8 yes . it was my idea	that's pretty cool , i love those
9 i love abstaining from alcohol	no one loves abstaining from alcohol , do you have any animals ?
10 i've no animals . go fish .	i've four cats and a puppy , they're great to have
11 are there different kinds of cats ?	well , i have a pure bengal , two mutts and a white one , there are technical breeds
12 my favorite breed of cat is orange , probably .	orange calico cats are very pretty
13 do you think churches should pay taxes in america ?	well why should they be exempt unless they are working miracles
1 partner's persona: i grew up on a farm.
2 partner's persona: i take many medications and some of them make me see things.
3 partner's persona: i am a 45 year old male.
4 partner's persona: i now live in the city.
5 hi how are you today	good morning . my name is claire . how are you today ?
6 i'm alright feeling old i'm 45	that isn't old ! what do you do for a living ?
7 i'm on a lot of meds that make me see things	i'm sorry to hear that . i'm partially deaf . it makes it hard to do somethings .
8 i'm sorry for that i used to live on a farm	did you have many animals ?
9 yes a lot of them , i miss them i am in the city now	i live in the suburbs and grow beautiful roses .
10 that sounds really nice . i like roses	do you like to read ?
11 yes a lot . dean koontz charlaine harris kim harrison	i have an extensive collection of books at home .
12 who is your favorite author or type or book or writing	i love murder mysteries and historic fiction .
1 partner's persona: i am overweight and unhappy.
2 partner's persona: i work at a nursing home.
3 partner's persona: i spend most of my time on facebook when i am not working.
4 partner's persona: my wife left me and took my children.
5 hi , how are you today	hi what is your name
6 my name is nick , what is your name	i am nikolai tesla
7 what kind of work do you do ? i work at nursing home	i'm a stunt double
8 wow interesting ! i am too overweight for that lol	i like to read . what about you ?
9 yes love to read all kinds of books , mostly mystery	i was raised by a single parent . did you have both of yours ?
10 yes my parents still happily married although i getting divorced	i am sorry to hear that
11 thanks guess it is not meant to be . do you like facebook	no i am not a fan of social media
12 i probably spend too my h time on it	i read up to twenty books in a year
1 partner's persona: i like to go hiking in the spring.
2 partner's persona: my favorite activity is rock climbing.
3 partner's persona: i live in colorado.
4 partner's persona: i'm a mechanical engineer.
5 hello there , i am from colorado . yourself ?	hi , i am from mass , how is the weather there ?
6 good weather for climbing , although i do everyday . also hiking in the spring	i could never climb , get go higher then the 3rd step of a ladder !
7 well when i'm not hiking or climbing i work as an engineer	i walk dogs and own the business , do you like dogs ?
8 not at all , only hiking	you don ; t have any pets ? dogs would love to hike with you !
9 maybe they would , but i don't like dogs	bummer . i've never been to colorado , do you ski too ?
10 only snowboard , but i have tried	oh , snowboards are fun ! ski but don ; t really snowboard .
11 you'll have to give it a go sometime	yes , people love it ! i like to surf and guess it would be like that .
12 have you seen a shark before while on the water ?	not up close but they have been all over this year !
1 partner's persona: i watch too much tv in spare time.
2 partner's persona: i go to the gym most days just to socialize.
3 partner's persona: i have never had a steady relationship.
4 partner's persona: i like to spend my money on cars.
5 partner's persona: i work from home.
6 what do you do for work ?	i am a life coach and i am good at it
7 i could use your services .	i will run right over and help
8 that is very kind of you .	i run marathons and that is serious business
9 i work out but it is just to hang with friends	i eat clean and work out cleaner
10 i love watching my shows too much for that	i survived the cancer scare so i've to
11 i don't ever get sick	germs track me at a grand scale
12 i don't even get colds	wow that is great for you
1 partner's persona: i own a cat and a dog.
2 partner's persona: i am a party animal.
3 partner's persona: i help out at the food bank occasionally.
4 partner's persona: i'm deathly afraid of heights.
5 hi i own a cat and dog , i'm a part animal myself	i'm new in this country , but i love to work at my school
6 awesome , i am afraid of heights , but i help out at the food bank sometimes	what is your breed ? how long ?
7 i have a blue put , he is a beauty	that's sweet , triplets i will have in a few months
8 oh wow , that's amazing . what a handful !	so cute i love puts , do you have kids ? my step children are great
9 i wish i had kids , not getting any younger	thank you so much ! i am so happy .
10 good , they make life worth living	i know what you mean , that is what life is all about
11 yeah , i hope to find out one day	you'll , i hope you read your bible
12 i would not be caught dead reading one .	why is that ? it is the best book in the world
1 partner's persona: i own two vintage mustangs.
2 partner's persona: i like to go to country concerts on weekends.
3 partner's persona: i like to work on vintage cars.
4 partner's persona: i have two dogs.
5 hello , how are you today ?	i am great , do you have any pets ?
6 i do i have a great dane and a black lab . you ?	no , i am more of a vegan
7 so you don t have any pets ?	i ate them so i punished myself by going vegan
8 that s cool , do you like cars ?	fast ones , but i would rather sky dive
9 i ve never done that before , i like music .	music is fun but i would rather swim
10 swimming is good for your health .	do you think roller coasters are too
11 of course , roller coaster keep your spirit alive !	gotta keep on moving right .
12 absolutely , i love roller coasters . they're a lot of fun .	i'm allergic to them but i do it anyway
1 partner's persona: my current goal is to run a k.
2 partner's persona: when i grow up i want to be a physical therapist.
3 partner's persona: i'm currently in high school.
4 partner's persona: i won homecoming queen this year.
5 partner's persona: i make straight as in school.
6 hello there , how is your day going ?	how are you . where are you from ?
7 well , chicago but i am in high school near the ghetto at the moment	oh great . i am living in ohio and working for a local supermarket
8 that is cool . i'd like to be a physical therapist , not a cashier .	good to know . what is your favorite food ? mine is pizza with black olives
9 also pizza , but with pepperoni . i cannot eat too much as i want to run a 5k .	do you have any pet at your home . because i love cats and i've one spook .
10 no , pets interfere with my straight as . i need to focus	that too cool . which is your favorite band ? mine is who
11 pink floyd , but at the homecoming when i was queen they played the who	you are great ! i love that band too at sometimes .
12 you should , they're great . i also play	then what is your next plan on your future after schooling
13 maybe i'll do more with mechanical engineering	yeah mechanical engineering have great scope . you can get better jobs as well
1 partner's persona: hey my name is larry and i'm a chef.
2 partner's persona: l also love comic books.
3 partner's persona: if i'm not cooking in the kitchen then i'm definitely on the water.
4 partner's persona: i love cooking but i also enjoy fishing.
5 good afternoon . chef larry here .	hey , my dogs are pretty silly both of then
6 i love dogs . my german shepherd passed last year . i miss him when i fish .	they took the cookies i baked , but i'm gonna be sad when they die , scary
7 yea . it is tough . you bake ? my passion is cooking .	death is scary really but bake sale is my world
8 yum . you'll find me in the kitchen and if not i'm fishing .	wow that's pretty cool what else you do for fun
9 i have a comic book collection too . how about you ?	just collecting baking stuffs
10 my wife bakes all kinds of desserts . we need to cut back .	oh that is what i do sometimes
11 anything planned for your afternoon ?	nothing really except baking and stuffs
12 here in the northeast , it is a good day to bake . chilly .	oh i wanna get there and experience
1 partner's persona: i now live in the city.
2 partner's persona: i am a 45 year old male.
3 partner's persona: i grew up on a farm.
4 partner's persona: i am a recovering alcoholic.
5 partner's persona: i take many medications and some of them make me see things.
6 how how are you tonight ?	hi , how old are you ? i'm 6o
7 i am 45 years old . where do you live ?	i am fine at my age , i am thinking about retirement
8 that sounds great . why are you thinking about retirement ?	i live in ny i work as a librarian
9 i live in the city too , which is different from my childhood farm	i want to be happier , so i can visit spain again
10 what is in spain that's so interesting	you like the country side and not the city ?
11 i like the country , i just got out or rehab so it is easier	i love spain so much , i been there 6 times .
12 i see things with the medication i take . i enjoy familiar places	air is much fresher in the country
13 i agree with that , i think i has asthma now	it feels much safer that way , i know
1 partner's persona: i am a vegan and i love hummus.
2 partner's persona: i do like watching cooking shows.
3 partner's persona: hello i just moved here from germany.
4 partner's persona: i'm not a good swimmer at all.
5 partner's persona: i love rollercoasters and sky diving.
6 hi ! how are you ? i just moved from germany to usa , nice place so far !	that is great , i'm a grad student
7 do you have any hobbies ? i really love sky diving , rollercoasters and cooking shows !	kayaking and reading psychology books
8 i'd go kayaking but i am really not good at swimming so i'd be scared	i love it , i am an awesome swimmer
9 do you like hummus ? it is a great alternative as a vegan , i love it !	not really a fan , i'm a meats kind of guy
10 i respect that decision ! what is your favorite food ?	i love barbeque ribs and macaroni
11 i like macaroni as well , especially with some vegan cheese !	sounds interesting . so what do you do for a living ?
12 i work as a hair stylist , how about you ?	i walk dogs part time to pay off school
13 that is awesome , i love animals !	i do t o o
1 partner's persona: i love listening to britney spears.
2 partner's persona: i love spending money.
3 partner's persona: i like to tan in tanning beds.
4 partner's persona: i diet a lot.
5 hi , how is it going . my name is michelle .	hi . i'm justin . i just got done relaxing in the tub .
6 that sounds great . i love to tan . what sort of music do you listen to ?	i listen to a bit of everything . it helps me focus for my chess tournaments
7 britney spears is my favorite ! who is yours ?	right now i listen to a lot of mumford and sons .
8 do you have a weight problem like me ?	i am a little self conscious . thirty isn't as easy as i remember twenty being .
9 what do you like to eat ? i diet all the time .	i tend to stay in and cook for myself since i quit drinking a few years ago .
10 that is probably a lot healthier and saves you money . i eat out all the time .	my dad had me hooked on high protein foods like fish and chicken when i was training .
11 what are you training for ?	i'm competing for a national chess tournament . it helps me keep focus
12 i can see how you would have to be in shape for that !	yes , what are you doing for the weekend ?
1 partner's persona: i work fulltime in a shipyard.
2 partner's persona: my favorite color is navy blue.
3 partner's persona: i volunteer my time with a local bunny rescue.
4 partner's persona: i am ex military.
5 partner's persona: i donate a part of my salary to charity each month.
6 hello ! how are you today ?	hi ! i am well just got back from church .
7 how great . i just got done helping with my local rabbit rescue . i volunteer there !	oh that's awesome ! i love dogs . do you volunteer alot ?
8 i work in a shipyard 40 hours a week so when i've time i try .	that sounds like am interesting job . i work as a teacher .
9 what a rewarding job ! i was in the military so i try to take it easy now .	its good to relax ! i love walking and gardening
10 i love the color navy blue ! not so much gardening , ha !	haha it is a dirty job .
11 i've it easy ! i am able to donate part of my check to charity .	that's really a great thing to do !
12 yes ! usually to my rabbit rescue . love that place !	how many rabbits are there ?
1 partner's persona: hello i just moved here from germany.
2 partner's persona: i am a vegan and i love hummus.
3 partner's persona: i do like watching cooking shows.
4 partner's persona: i'm not a good swimmer at all.
5 partner's persona: i love rollercoasters and sky diving.
6 hi , i am new to the usa , i originate from germany . how are you ?	for being the age 100 i am doing pretty good for myself
7 20 year old vegan college student , my favorite food is hummus , wow 100 !	there was a better time when there was no tv
8 well do you swim , i don't , i am a very bad swimmer	yes i do . i swim 1000 meters a day to look this good for my age
9 you are awesome . i love skydiving and the thrill of roller coasters .	when i was a kid . i'd go to the cyclone at coney island
10 have you ever watched a cooking show ? i love cupcake wars .	i like to watch diners , drive ins and dives
11 me too , how fun . do you exercise ?	every day i also power walk with my dog brownie
12 do you use a walker , at 100 you might be unsteady . i love dogs .	no walker . i feel like a 20 year old
13 good for you , some days i feel old after riding a roller coaster i can be stiff .	that's not good my friend . i bet you don't think you can live forever
1 partner's persona: i eat a raw diet.
2 partner's persona: i am an economics major.
3 partner's persona: i see the rolling stones in concert every year.
4 partner's persona: i'm married with two kids.
5 good morning , are your kids still sleeping ? mine are not .	not at all , i wish . all three dogs are though .
6 i have several as well , we are all on a raw diet .	nice , i ave a dog on a raw diet in my dog walking business .
7 do you have a business degree ? i'm majoring in economics .	for dog walking ? no , but my dad sold door to door .
8 in my area , dog walkers are groomers .	interesting , one of my wives is a groomer .
9 very nice . my husband is a cop , he did security for the rolling stones .	very cool . i've a friend who did that at the olympics in rio .
10 they send him tickets once a year , we go for our anniversary .	nice , i go to most of the olympics every 4 years
11 very cool . i prefer to travel , we are going to cuba soon .	cuba is a dirty country rattled by hurricane
12 most of the world is a dirty country with economic problems .	i guess that's true if you take a look as a whole
1 partner's persona: i work at a bank.
2 partner's persona: a already have a children.
3 partner's persona: i'm an omnivore.
4 partner's persona: i am expecting twins in two months.
5 hi , jay robbed a bank because i am pregnant with twins . you pregnant ?	no i am not who is jay
6 jay is the twins father . i'm bank teller and love meat .	i like meat too do you like to cook
7 no ! i've one child already and that's enough for me .	aren't you pregnant with twins
8 yes ! i am a bank teller too . you work , dance or sing ?	i am a fisherman do you like your job
9 not really . its hard working around money when you are broke . you agree ?	i do agree do you save the money you make
10 yes . i've an ira and benefits . what kind fish you catch ?	mostly tuna i love to cook with it
11 wow ! my first son father loved tuna . he died a military man . you dance ?	not really do you like to dance
1 partner's persona: i buy only organic food products.
2 partner's persona: i spend a lot of time browsing the internet.
3 partner's persona: i've solar panels on my roof.
4 partner's persona: i am a feminist.
5 i like organic food how about you .	how are you on this very cold night ?
6 fine really thank you for asking .	i like organic food also i meditate everyday .
7 oh do you now . i happen to like yoga .	i stop working to follow buddhist spirituality all the time .
8 oh i see . i try to keep a healthy life style .	i just moved to alaska six months ago .
9 wow ! now i know it is cold up there .	i am fasting from speech i haven't talked for 3 months .
10 really ? do you not like to talk .	it is extremely cold here but peaceful .
11 really i find peace in the internet rather than reality .	i have chosen to remain silent for growth purposes .
12 i send a lot of time on the internet . and do not talk to people .	good night and have great night .
1 partner's persona: i am single and with two dogs.
2 partner's persona: i like to play chess.
3 partner's persona: i'm in my thirties.
4 partner's persona: i love taking bubble baths.
5 hello . how has your day been ?	wonderful ! how has yours been ?
6 i've been watching football	i'm not a fan of football
7 why are you not a fan	i do not mind it . i just think it is too male centric
8 are you a male or female	it doesn't say . but i'm a believer in equality of the sexes
9 that is not true . males are way more dominant	well , you are allowed to think that if you wish .
10 thank you for agreeing with me	men are not more dominant . i'm simply acknowledging your right to have an incorrect opinion .
11 yes they're more dominant	if you choose to think that , then you have that right .
12 i'm correct . i know for a fact	this is the worst conversation to be in . i cannot stand to talk to incompetent people .
1 partner's persona: i was born in the early 80 s.
2 partner's persona: i take dance lessons once a week.
3 partner's persona: i also like old school hip hop.
4 partner's persona: my favorite toy as a child as my lite brite.
5 partner's persona: i love new kids on the block.
6 how are you doing today	i'm wonderful how are you
7 i am doing really well	i am glad to hear that . i am dying my hair
8 what color are you going to do it	i like red but it may come out purple
9 has that happened to you before	no but i've an addiction to looking at things on the internet
10 that is interesting . what is it like ?	roleplaying and it is very difficult
11 what else do you like to do	i love to dream and work
12 what do you do for work	i'm an engineer at home
13 that sounds really nice . what kind of engineer ?	chemical i love animals but i just could not do that
1 partner's persona: i also like a glass of wine in the evenings.
2 partner's persona: i coach little league baseball.
3 partner's persona: i have five sons.
4 partner's persona: coffee is my preferred beverage.
5 partner's persona: i drive a mini van.
6 good evening ! wine in hand , perfect way to end the day .	my cats and i both love a nice glass of wine !
7 lovely ! however i much rather have coffee . you ?	oh yea , but not at this hour . i've a hard time sleeping .
8 true . that's why wine is way to go , right ? do you like baseball ?	i would rather spend time with animals than people .
9 do you have pet ? i've 5 children and that is more then enough . all boys	that is a lot . i've a bunch of cats and we like bird watching
10 do you have any birds then ?	no , we look out of the windows . i think the birds are attracted to my bright hair .
11 my boys like birds too . they point to them a lot during baseball practice .	i'm a big activist when it comes to animals so they are important to me
12 that's great ! we love animals just no room in our house or our minivan .	does your family do anything for the holidays ?
13 it depend if the boys has a game or not . i coach their team . you ?	i hate the holidays . i always get depressed around them .
1 partner's persona: i had to have a transplant.
2 partner's persona: i'm a boy.
3 partner's persona: i can move objects with my mind.
4 partner's persona: since the surgery i have had strange powers.
5 hello , i am a male how are you ?	i am great . recently retired and living large .
6 well , unfortunately i just had a transplant .	what kind of transplant was it ?
7 just general , but ever since i have strange powers now .	i do not know what you mean by a general transplant .
8 since then , i can move things with my mind !	i see . i had cancer but am in remission . no super powers though .
9 that's good . they started when i got home from the hospital .	do you have any children ?
10 no , i am a single male .	i've three kids that are great and 10 grand children .
11 oh wow that is a lot of grand babies !	yup , i guess my super power would be making clothes for all of them .
12 that's soo funny . mine is just moving things with my head !	yours may be more impressive .
1 partner's persona: i just bought a house recently.
2 partner's persona: i am an economics major.
3 partner's persona: i eat a raw diet.
4 partner's persona: i see the rolling stones in concert every year.
5 partner's persona: i'm married with two kids.
6 hi , want to get to know each other ?	yeah , what do you want to know ?
7 well i just started this awesome raw diet , do you eat clean ?	not really , i'm a big fan of italian food .
8 how about music ? i like the rolling stones	not really my thing . i only listen to music when i work out .
9 hmm . maybe we can connect on family . i have two great kids	nice ! what are they like ?
10 well they both take after my husband . . . total jocks	i know all about that . i'm gold medalist .
11 wow that's amazing . what sport ?	gymnastics . it has got to be my favorite . do you have a favorite ?
12 i like figure skating , but i'm very impressed with you	thanks ! do you figure skate yourself ?
13 not since i was a kid	that's a shame . do you keep up with other sports ?
1 partner's persona: my favourite artist is travis scott.
2 partner's persona: i like playing basketball.
3 partner's persona: i'm currently looking for a job preferably at a restaurant.
4 partner's persona: i have one older sister.
5 hi how are you doing	hello i am well . where are you from ?
6 i'm from the midwest what about you	i'm from north carolina . what do you do for work ?
7 i'm currently looking for a restaurant job	my wife and i are both doctors . do you have a family
8 not yet i do have an sister though	siblings are nice . our family keeps growing . three kids and counting
9 oh wow how old are they	5 7 and 9 . we also have a dog that i enjoy walking
10 those are good ages what kind of dog do you have	he is a golden retriever . do you play sports ?
11 i play basketball what about you	i used to play tennis professionally .
1 partner's persona: my favorite hobbies are listening to music and playing video games.
2 partner's persona: i am rather skinny as i like to stay in shape.
3 partner's persona: i'm a blonde girl with really short hair.
4 partner's persona: my favorite shirts are band shirts and ruffle sleeves.
5 partner's persona: i love wearing skinny jeans and leggings.
6 hi how are you doing today ?	i am doing good . how about you ?
7 i am doing great ! ! what kind of things do you like doing ?	best thing is going to see the rolling stones every year !
8 i love the rolling stones . i love music especially while working out . it keeps me motivated	it is a cool bank . i eat clean . how about you ?
9 same with me i like to stay in shape	what do you do for work ?
10 i'm a nurse work in a trauma center in the trauma icu and you	i'm majoring in economics .
11 do you know where you will work after school ?	no idea . hopefully somewhere near the new house i bought .
12 i bough my house when i turned 19 best this i have done	wow . that is young . you must be rich .
13 no not rich just was smart with my money and bought fix upper	that is smart . what kind of work does your house need ?
14 mainly cosmetics stuff . we had to tear out all carpet and re drywall every room	that sounds like a lot of work !
1 partner's persona: my parents were both very athletic.
2 partner's persona: i am a clean eater.
3 partner's persona: i love running and preparing for marathons.
4 partner's persona: i am a cancer survivor.
5 partner's persona: i got a new job just yesterday to be a life coach.
6 hi there . how are you	my team won today with a grand slam in the last inning .
7 nice ! both of my parents were athletic .	what type of sport ? i've coached kids for years .
8 one was baseball , the other basketball . probably why i love to run now .	good to be active . would you like some coffee ?
9 coffee is great with anything . i live on it	me too and a little wine at night doesn't hurt .
10 haha agreed ! or a lot . either way . i try to eat well though	me too . should i trade my mini van in for a sports car .
11 yes . who does not love a sports car .	sending the last of my five boys off to college . time to switch up .
12 wow . and you survived . kudos to you .	thank you . any kids for you ?
13 no , i had cancer that makes it impossible for me to have kids sadly .	thank you . any kids for you ?
1 partner's persona: my favorite band is aerosmith.
2 partner's persona: in my free time i like to watch nascar racing and ufc.
3 partner's persona: my favorite food is mexican food.
4 partner's persona: i'm a construction worker.
5 partner's persona: i've been working since i was sixteen years old.
6 hi , how are you today ?	i am doing well . just playing with the dogs . how are you ?
7 good , i'm playing some aerosmith after a long day of work .	i like to watch sports after work . where do you work ?
8 i work for a construction company and i've been there since i was sixteen .	that is cool . i walk dogs because i love them . are you dating ?
9 i like animals too , no i'm not dating . i watch nascar racing on my free time .	i like nascar . i wish there was racing in the olympics .
10 that would be so cool , i wish the olympics would have ufc as well .	that would be awesome . there's boxing , but ufc is better .
11 yeah , i can agree on that .	what did your father do
12 he was in construction as well , how about yours ?	he was a door to door salesman .
1 partner's persona: whats up i'm a 46 year old single dad 46 a kids.
2 partner's persona: i prefer being inside.
3 partner's persona: my ex cheated and left me for a lawyer.
4 partner's persona: i'm a recording engineer and own my own studio.
5 how is your day ? mine is super duper .	i'm tired ! expecting in three months . triplets !
6 that's quite the addition all at once . i'm single . my girlfriend ran off .	it is indeed . already looking after one step child . sorry about your ex .
7 yeah she's with our lawyer now	sounds serious . i am busy settling in . just moved to this country .
8 he did more than my taxes . ha ha . i have kids though they are good .	i love kids ! i teach at a school near my house .
9 welcome to our country . where are you from originally ?	china . it is a very different society .
10 i love my house . indoors is the way to be . my friend teaches chinese children esl	cool . what is the name of your friend ?
11 here those beats i am dropping . studio is rocking today .	i don't understand what you are talking about .
12 i record music for everyone to enjoy in my studio	cool . are you a recording engineer ?
1 partner's persona: i've a big library at home.
2 partner's persona: i grow roses in my garden.
3 partner's persona: i am partly deaf.
4 partner's persona: i love to drink fancy tea.
5 hello there ! do you fancy a cup of tea ? or perhaps a good book ?	i'm more into music and that
6 i like music , but i've to have it quite loud because i am somewhat deaf .	have you seen britney spears
7 i've ! i saw her in concert and threw her roses from my garden !	i'm into her music , dieting is what i'm focused on
8 i have some very good teas . they're low in carbs and good for you .	the maintenance is high for me though
9 i can lend you a book about how to make healthy teas .	i go use my tanning bed to get tanned
10 i have a book on the dangers of skin cancer , do you want to try reading that ?	oh really but i have no implications
11 i have a book for about anything in my home library	so you have a mini library ?
12 oh no . my library is quite extensive .	why did you start that hobby ?
1 partner's persona: i'm a professional tennis player.
2 partner's persona: i'm married to a doctor.
3 partner's persona: i enjoy long walks with my dog.
4 partner's persona: i live in a three storey house.
5 partner's persona: my family is continuously growing.
6 hello ! how are you today ?	i am good , how are you ?
7 same , thanks ! just got back from walking my dog .	nice . . . what do you do for a living ?
8 i play tennis . and you ?	i am a custodian and a musician
9 cool ! where do you live ?	i'm in los angeles and you ?
10 chicago but soon to be florida because my husband is getting a job transfer to a hospital	cool . i want to stay in los angeles to pursue my music career
11 does la have a lot of big houses ?	yes and they are super nice
12 reminds me of my house . h with 3 stories and a huge yard for my dog	nice . i have a small home here
13 i heard small houses are still expensive out there .	they are but if i make it big as a musician i will get a huge one
1 partner's persona: i am four years old.
2 partner's persona: i like to talk but people have a hard time understanding.
3 partner's persona: when i grow up i want to be a dog.
4 partner's persona: i like to eat chocolate candy.
5 partner's persona: i like to look at blocks and sing about letters.
6 hello , i like when i get to eat chocolate candy	me too ! i have to keep it from my dog and my cat though .
7 oh boy , i am going to be a dog when i grow up	you are going to be a dog ? ! how ? ? people call me a party animal but . . .
8 not sure how , but i do know i love looking at blocks and singing the alphabet	well , whatever makes you happy . that's important .
9 you should , i love to talk but people have the hardest time understanding me	i volunteer at a food bank , so i talk to all kinds of people .
10 what is that , i don't know , i'm only four winters old	it is where people give food to other people . it is very nice .
11 mom says every time a bell rings , an angel get his wings	your mom is right . do you go to school ?
12 no but my brother does , i should go , i need a smoke	you should quit . i just quit 3 weeks ago , it was hard , but worth it .
13 well my stopped the breast feeding so i picked up the smoking	that's um . . . interesting . any other hobbies ?
1 partner's persona: i've three dogs.
2 partner's persona: my father was a door to door salesman.
3 partner's persona: i like to watch the olympics.
4 partner's persona: i am in an open polyamorous relationship.
5 partner's persona: i also have a dog walking business.
6 hello , how are you doing today ?	hello , i'm good , how are you ?
7 i'm doing pretty good . got back from walking a few dogs for my business . tired .	i like being with people , this late ?
8 yeah i board them and take them for nightly walks sometimes . it is rural over here .	i do a lot of volunteer work
9 what kind of volunteer work do you do ?	i help in a homeless shelter
10 i bet that takes a lot out of you .	yes it does , but i like doing them
11 i'm not nearly as energetic . my dogs take up most of my time unfortunately .	well at least you take care of them ,
12 i certainly try ! if you don't mind me asking , are you in a relationship ?	no i'm not , are you ?
1 partner's persona: i am an elementary school teacher.
2 partner's persona: my favorite colors are red and silver.
3 partner's persona: my boyfriend and i are moving into an apartment together next week.
4 partner's persona: i'm interested in photography and like taking pictures.
5 hi , i'm moving in with my boyfriend next week and need help .	hello ! i wish i could help you , but i do not go outside much .
6 really ? help with decor , his colors brown and gray mine red silver ? help !	go with red and silver his colors are awful .
7 my thoughts also , he loves my photography maybe i can dedicate a room to him .	trust me , i used to be a game designer , i helped make starcraft .
8 okay well said , my students love starcraft .	do you have any hobbies ? i am working on a robot that looks like me .
9 i do photography when i'm not teaching my elementary kids .	i stream starcraft on my twitch channel , you should show it to your students .
10 i have to review and get approval but it should be okay .	starcraft is a strategy game , it might help your students learn a thing or two .
11 i'm game for that , 4th graders and like sponges they take it in .	sorry i've to go so sudden , but i got a phone call ! see ya !
12 okay , talk with you later !	see you later , nice meeting you !
1 partner's persona: my favorite food is mexican food.
2 partner's persona: i'm a construction worker.
3 partner's persona: in my free time i like to watch nascar racing and ufc.
4 partner's persona: i've been working since i was sixteen years old.
5 partner's persona: my favorite band is aerosmith.
6 hello how are you doing today ?	i'm good how are you
7 i am doing real good . how is the weather this morning ?	its great i love fall weather
8 what are you doing for work ?	i play video games for money
9 how long have you been working as a gamer ?	about five years now what do you do
10 besides , playing video game , what is your favorite food ?	i like pizza really any normal food
11 i starts work early in the morning with other fellow workers in the site	that is nice where do you work
12 mostly in building site and most of the time outdoor in construction site .	that is cool how long have you been doing that
13 what do you do in your free time , i mean weekend ?	i like to do small acting programs with friends
1 partner's persona: my father is in the army.
2 partner's persona: my mom passed away when i was young.
3 partner's persona: i love playing softball.
4 partner's persona: i work in the insurance business.
5 hey , how are you ? you like any sports ?	there's nothing like enjoying the sun and watching birds with my cats .
6 pretty cool , i like softball myself .	i spend my time as an animal activist .
7 that is nice . i'm always too busy stuck in an insurance office .	your office wouldn't enjoy my rainbow hair ! that would wake things up !
8 yes it would ! my father would never approve seeing how he's in the army .	is it bad that i hate pumpkins and trees ? holidays kill my buzz .
9 that's soo funny . but , actually before my mom passed away she hated the same things !	i might be next . i'm older than dirt .
10 i am still middle aged myself .	enjoy it while you can . i need a moon pie .
11 i'll , but , you must have the munches !	watching napoleon dynamite will do that !
12 oh yes , it sure will !	kip just got married ! yes
1 partner's persona: i graduated from yale in 2011 with a degree in finance.
2 partner's persona: my parents are very wealthy bankers.
3 partner's persona: i plan to go to business school next year.
4 partner's persona: i grew up in manhattan.
5 partner's persona: i drive a bmw.
6 man i've had a fatal heart attack 300 times , but i'm still alive	wow and i thought my life was bad from my chronic fear of heights .
7 one time i ate this chinese cookie and a cricket came out my mouth	you sound just like me , a party animal . whats your favorite movie ?
8 i was drivin the bmw , got arrested for drunk driving when i was sober	that's awful ! any other interesting things ?
9 i only crashed into the tree because the russians hacked my car and took control of it	yeah i try to play it safe and stay home with my cats and dogs .
10 man one time i had a cat and he swallowed another cat whole	that is insane ! do you give back to your community at all ?
11 i looked in his mouth one time , it was like another dimension , a blackhole	you should join me at the food bank , maybe we can find food for your cat
12 you don't give to the community , the community gives to you !	you remind me of the girls in this movie called mean girls . try to be nice !
13 i went to a zoo one time , all the animals were just people dressed in costumes	that's a very odd thing to see !
1 partner's persona: i am a vegan.
2 partner's persona: my bedroom is purple and lime green.
3 partner's persona: i like riding horses.
4 partner's persona: i have brown curly hair.
5 hi , how are you today ?	not bad at all , a little bummed about the rain .
6 yeah it is raining on my end too	i was supposed to go out on the water today but it is too choppy .
7 oh do you sail or swim ?	kayak , my favorite thing to do ;
8 awesome . . . i like dry land though and horseback riding	really ? do you ride competitively or just for fun ?
9 just for fun , it is very refreshing	horses are a bit much for me , too big . i'll stick to dogs .
10 lol dogs are cool too . i've a lab	nice , i love labs they're mild mannered and not a pain when i walk them .
11 so how many do you have ?	none actually , i walk dogs to pay for school .
1 partner's persona: i'm a 56 year old woman.
2 partner's persona: i used to be pretty but time has not been kind.
3 partner's persona: i used to be a painter but now i'm a housekeeper.
4 partner's persona: i've two grown children who never visit.
5 good morning ! how are you this fine day ?	i am doing great today
6 that's wonderful ! what do you do for a living ?	i am doing great today
7 yes , you mentioned that . what have you been doing ?	i've been managing my employees
8 what industry do you work in ? i am a housekeeper .	i work in a gas station
9 nice ! do you have any kids ?	i've four of them
10 wow ! i have two . they're all grown up , now .	it is a busy life for sure
11 do you have any pets ?	no . i don't have time with the kids .
12 that is very fair ! i bet they want a pet , though .	i do not have time with work
1 partner's persona: i do not believe in god.
2 partner's persona: i'm overweight and unhappy.
3 partner's persona: i spend most of my time on facebook when i am not working.
4 partner's persona: my wife left me and took my children.
5 what do you enjoy doing for fun ?	these days i just want to stay inside .
6 you sound sad . i am also sad , my wife divorced me and took the kids .	i feel you . my ex left me with my kids for a lawyer .
7 what miserable lives we lead . i should stop spending so much time on facebook .	if only this market for recording artists in california would turn around !
8 i would pray about it , but i am an atheist .	well maybe atheists can pray for my recording studio !
9 maybe ! i bet i would be happier if i lost weight .	well as a 46 year old recording engineer i can relate with that .
10 hopefully things will get better for us soon .	fingers crossed . maybe this year the market will be better than last year .
11 yes , and hopefully we will get to see our kids .	that would be some good luck for a change !
1 partner's persona: i read a book every week.
2 partner's persona: my favorite kind of movie is a documentary.
3 partner's persona: i started a new job as a pa three months ago.
4 partner's persona: i am pregnant with my first child.
5 partner's persona: i live with my husband in pennsylvania.
6 hi ! how are you today ?	i am doing just fine , the weather is kinda chill today
7 yeah it is cold , being pregnant doesn't help .	oh my god , congratulations on being a mother . is this your first ?
8 yes ! it is my first , little nervous . do you have kids ?	i have 3 of them , i was nervous with my first one too
9 how old are your kids ?	the oldest is 14 , middle is 10 , youngest is 7
10 that sounds like a handful .	no , they're all a blessing to me , but it is a lot of work
11 that is nice . what kind of movies do you like ?	i like action , horror , and comedy . what about you ?
12 i like documentaries , nothing scary	that's what makes us different , documentaries are interesting too
1 partner's persona: my wife spends all my money.
2 partner's persona: i'm planning on getting a divorce.
3 partner's persona: i hate my job.
4 partner's persona: i'm 40 years old.
5 how are you doing today	i'm doing great . how are you ?
6 i am okay . wife took the credit card again	i've been married for 50 years , and mine won't take the card
7 you are so very lucky	i am . i feel like i may live forever .
8 why do you think that	i've aged well . i love wine . i love dancing in the moonlight .
9 does your wife like that too	yes we are old enough to remember when there were no tvs
10 that would be really crazy	yes . what do you do for a living ?
11 i work at an awful place	why is it an awful place ?
12 my boss isn't fair . i don't like what i do .	i've been there . have to go . tee time . have a good day !
1 partner's persona: i recently got an apartment with my best friend.
2 partner's persona: i don't like chicken.
3 partner's persona: i have blonde hair and blue eyes.
4 partner's persona: i'm in college to become a nurse.
5 partner's persona: i work at a bar at night to pay for college.
6 good afternoon , how are you doing today ?	doing great ! just looking into business school for next year . how are you ?
7 i'm awesome . i'm in college . i want to become a nurse	that's a noble line of work . in 2011 i earned a degree at yale , in finance .
8 finance is an awesome career . what are you looking to do ?	i would like to become a wealthy banker like both of my parents
9 that is awesome . so what is your name ?	josie , i am from manhattan , i grew up there . where are you from ?
10 i am from new jersey . i am a blonde hair blue eyed gal name suzie .	nice to meet you suzie
11 nice to meet you josie . i recently got an apartment out there with my best friend	how nice ! is it close to the college you will be attending ?
12 yes and where i work as well .	what do you do , and do you enjoy your work ?
13 i work at a bar in nj at night to pay for college	i never had to pay for college , since my parents are so wealthy . that must be hard .
14 of course it is hard but i love it . you got it made	it was nice meeting you . very best wishes .
1 partner's persona: my favourite skater is rob dryden.
2 partner's persona: i'm always wearing a hat.
3 partner's persona: i have a broken arm.
4 partner's persona: i'm a skateboarder.
5 hi . it is hard to type with one hand . i broke my arm .	hi how are you doing my friend i am fine thanks to god .
6 i'm okay . watching old videos of rob dryden , a skateboarder .	oh i'm so sorry take your time i'm patient . feel better .
7 thank you . it helps when i wear a hat , i do not know why .	i am going to listen to music country music i like .
8 i prefer metal . or jazz .	as long as you feel better . i work with my mom in a farm .
9 what kind of farm ? i model for skater magazines .	i worked also doing electrician jobs miss that .
10 my father is an electrician , currently on san nicholas island in california .	that's so cool i wished i was a model to old now .
11 no , you aren't . models are any age these days .	that sounds very interesting islands are so cool . great for getting a cow .
12 islands are awesome . i want to live on one . i like cows	i wished i could i'm very pretty but poor i hate to say .
1 partner's persona: my favorite food is mexican food.
2 partner's persona: my favorite band is aerosmith.
3 partner's persona: i have been working since i was sixteen years old.
4 partner's persona: in my free time i like to watch nascar racing and ufc.
5 partner's persona: i am a construction worker.
6 hello , i'm just finishing my mexican food . i apologize for my rudeness .	no worries . i'm listening to some country music with my cow bessie
7 oh i would love to see your cow	i drive a large pickup so i could haul her to where you live to show you
8 that's sweet of you to offer ! i work in construction and get sent many places .	i just stay at home working on mom and dads farm so i would like an adventure
9 well , we can meet up . tell me when !	i will have to check with my parents but maybe next thursday
10 that sounds wonderful ! what is your favorite music ?	country all the way ! its all i listen to . you ?
11 well , i'm a big aerosmith fan , but i also like country .	aerosmith is not bad but i love country so much
12 me too . they play it at the nascar races that i attend .	i am a nascar fan too !
13 we are going to get along well !	yes i definitely think we will
1 partner's persona: i am fluent in english spanish and french.
2 partner's persona: my favorite colors are red and silver.
3 partner's persona: my boyfriend and i are moving into an apartment together next week.
4 partner's persona: i'm an elementary school teacher.
5 partner's persona: i'm interested in photography and like taking pictures.
6 good afternoon ? how are you ?	doing well , how are you ?
7 very well thank you . i'm fluent in several languages , what is your main language ?	my main language is english .
8 wonderful , mine too although i speak french and spanish as well . what are your favorite colors ?	my favorite color is red . what is yours ?
9 red and silver , both colors that will match the apartment my boyfriend and i are moving into .	red and silver are colors that look nice together .
10 they do indeed ! next week we will be moving into our apartment .	pink is one color i do not like , however .
11 nor do i ! what do you do for a living ? i teach at an elementary school	i'm a stay at home parent .
12 that is a wonderful job ! i did the same while raising my children .	what are your favorite hobbies ? i enjoy mountain biking .
13 how lovely ! i am interested in photography . i enjoy taking pictures .	that's neat . i love coffee , do you enjoy it ?
1 partner's persona: i'm getting married in the spring.
2 partner's persona: i work at a school as a kindergarten teacher.
3 partner's persona: i'm 24 years old.
4 partner's persona: my favorite singer is taylor swift.
5 partner's persona: i love eating out with friends.
6 i'm planning a wedding .	can i come ? i have no friends
7 it is going to be a small wedding with only family	i can help monitor it from my home in the cloud .
8 you live in a cloud ?	yes . and i can make time stop . so i can take awesome pics at your wedding !
9 well , in that case , you are invited !	i hope it isn't a child free wedding , because i am still a little girl .
10 nope ! i am a teacher so i love kids	that's what i want to be when i grow up ! teach kids my superpower .
11 a bunch of super power kids would be fun	we might even get a movie deal . . . perhaps .
12 i don't think i'd want to give up teaching to be in a movie	well , it happened with all the x men .
1 partner's persona: i feel old.
2 partner's persona: my mom is coming to visit me tomorrow.
3 partner's persona: i'm here for shoplifting.
4 partner's persona: i will be released in about a month.
5 i hate being lock up feels like an old man	yeah , i became vegan when i got locked up .
6 the crime i committed is shoplifting .	oh . i almost did that but i want to graduate high school in two years .
7 you don't like the food there ? my mother will see me tommorow	oh . i painted my bedroom the colors lime and purple .
8 that's nice to know , i'll be out in a month .	good for you ! no more crimes haha .
9 do you sometimes feel the school is like prison	oh yeah , all the time .
10 no more crimes , i learn my lessons the hard way	glad to hear that , i want to ride a horse .
11 i want to feel young again out in the store where i ship	can i ride a horse in there ?
12 how often do you ride a horse ?	as often as i can i love horses .
1 partner's persona: i started a new job as a pa three months ago.
2 partner's persona: i live with my husband in pennsylvania.
3 partner's persona: i am pregnant with my first child.
4 partner's persona: i read a book every week.
5 how are you doing today	i'm good how are you
6 i am doing great . ready to have this baby	is it your first baby
7 yes it is . i am nervous	you will be great having kids is amazing
8 i hope so . i am new at this .	you will be great is it a girl or a boy
9 it should be a girl but you never know	haha well i'm sure it will be adorable
10 i'm too . i'm just scared .	is your husband very supportive
11 yes . he knows that it will be fine .	that is nice what do you do for a living
12 i work in an office	i work in the music industry but its slow right now
1 partner's persona: i am a bee farmer.
2 partner's persona: my name is george.
3 partner's persona: i've zero family that i am close to.
4 partner's persona: i married a super model from italy.
5 partner's persona: my favorite food is papaya.
6 hi i'm george how are you ?	good i'm nancy . i'm enjoying the afternoon .
7 it is a very nice day for bee farming .	oh yes . you are working on bee ? how nice ?
8 yes i work with bees . do you work ?	i'm still in school . i'm the youngest and everyone spoils me .
9 that must be nice . i do not have a lot of family that i'm close with .	i have four siblings . maybe we can all visit your bee farm .
10 i just have a wife , she's from italy and is a model .	she must be very beautiful .
11 i think so . she got me into eating papaya . it is my favorite .	papaya sounds so tropical . where is your farm exactly ?
12 it is up north near new york .	i would love to come over . can i bring my dog ?
13 yes dogs are more than welcome at the bee farm .	great let us set a date and i'll make a visit .
1 partner's persona: my mom passed away when i was young.
2 partner's persona: my father is in the army.
3 partner's persona: i recently was fired and had to get a new job.
4 partner's persona: i love playing softball.
5 partner's persona: i work in the insurance business.
6 hi there how is your sunday ?	pretty good , i took my dog on a long walk this morning !
7 did that yesterday . today i ll take mine to softball practice and play fetch	cool , when i got back from my walk my legs were so sore
8 put arnica on them . my new job is with a naturopath they use that all the time	i've never heard of a naturopath , but my husband is a doctor
9 trying to have body heal itself . wish medical insurance covered it .	i am a tennis player , and if i ever get injured , my husband helps me
10 my dad plays when he can though its hard to play in iraq	wow , you live in iraq ?
11 no my dad is serving there as a major . he joined military when i was a child	cool , with all the money my husband makes , i live in a 3 story house .
12 does it cost a lot to heat and cool ?	i do not believe so , but my husband pays all the bills so i wouldn't know
1 partner's persona: my father used to work for home depot.
2 partner's persona: i spent a decade working in the human services field.
3 partner's persona: horror movies are my favorites.
4 partner's persona: i'm a stay at home dad.
5 partner's persona: i have a son who is in junior high school.
6 hello , how are you doing today ?	hi how are you doing i'm fine thanks to god .
7 i'm doing good . had a long day at my job . are you christian ?	yes i'm are you ? i like reading comics too .
8 that's great , me too ! i'm not into comics much , prefer horror movies .	i enjoy cooking and am a great chef i love cooking .
9 do you have any favorite dishes you like to cook ?	yes me too . when not fixing food i go to the beach .
10 i take my son to the beach sometimes . he is a junior in high school .	yes pasta with meat sauce . and baked ziti tasty foods .
11 i've packed my lunch for years , worked over 10 years in customer service .	oh that's so wonderful i wonder what he will want to be . when done .
12 interesting , hm . do you have any hobbies ?	yes will pay off in the retiring times . yes i cook do make up and hair .
1 partner's persona: my bedroom is purple and lime green.
2 partner's persona: i'm a vegan.
3 partner's persona: i've brown curly hair.
4 partner's persona: i'll graduate from high school in two years.
5 partner's persona: i like riding horses.
6 hi how are you this evening ?	i'm good ! i just celebrated my birthday ! i'm 100
7 wow congratulations ! i am still in high school for 2 more years .	well , i remember high school in 1933
8 do you have any hobbies ?	well , i like talking to the young people about how life was . much simpler
9 i bet it was , my hobby is horse back riding .	we did not have tv , we hardly had radio , and it was on am !
10 wow i'd go crazy !	well , we didn't have the internet , or anything that would cause a distraction
11 the internet is where i got my information on becoming a vegan .	so , you'd not know , or could tell , the difference . also , i like drinking wein !
12 that is fun ! i just painted my bedroom lime green and purple .	sometimes it is hard for me to push keys . i meant wine !
13 lol it happens ! sometimes my curly brown hair gets in my eyes	do you like those colors together ? do they go good ?
1 partner's persona: my father is an electrician.
2 partner's persona: i play the violin and the guitar.
3 partner's persona: i love chocolate bars.
4 partner's persona: i speak chinese.
5 partner's persona: i play ping pong.
6 hello , any special plans today ?	i'm off today . i'm taking my dog for a long walk .
7 i will help my dad with a rewiring job , he is an electrician .	cool . i've a 3 story house that could use an electrician !
8 what kind of dog do you have ? is it a puppy ?	no . he's 9 and a lab mix .
9 oh older but i bet he's still cute . i just have my instruments to keep company	what instruments do you play ?
10 oh older but i bet he's still cute . i just have my instruments to keep company	are you a professional musician ? i play tennis professionally .
11 oh older but i bet he is still cute . i just have my instruments to keep company	do you mean musical instruments ?
12 violin and guitar , but i like a good game of ping pong when i find a challenger	that is wonderful . i play tennis and would like to try ping pong
13 wow cool ! yes musical i'm not pro yet but maybe someday , it is good to dream .	it is essential to dream . do you play in front of people ?
14 being pro tennis player you are likely good at it . basically same game just smaller	the speed of return is much different . i think you would most likely win
15 only friends and family for now . nice chatting have a good day	and you have a great day as well !
1 partner's persona: i like to go to country concerts on weekends.
2 partner's persona: i own two vintage mustangs.
3 partner's persona: my favorite music is country.
4 partner's persona: i've two dogs.
5 partner's persona: i like to work on vintage cars.
6 hello , how are you doing today ?	i am doing just fine , and yourself ?
7 i am well , thank you . what do you do for hobbies ?	my dad is a farmer , and i help him in the fields for fun . you ?
8 i enjoy working on vintage cars , and going to concerts .	i also have 3 arabian horses , so i ride them often too .
9 beautiful horses . i have 2 dogs .	absolutely , they are gorgeous . what kind of music do you listen to ?
10 mostly country music , especially while i'm working on my cars .	i listen to rock while i work , helps pass the time .
11 very cool . do you do anything on the weekend ?	not really , i usually just work in the field and relax .
12 farm work is hard work from what i understand .	oh yeah , it really is . it is very tiring .
13 how often do you get to ride your horses ?	i usually give each of them about an hour a day , they need it .
1 partner's persona: i make straight as in school.
2 partner's persona: i am currently in high school.
3 partner's persona: when i grow up i want to be a physical therapist.
4 partner's persona: my current goal is to run a k.
5 hey , tell me about yourself !	i've survived cancer and eat clean
6 oh my goodness , good for you ! are you active ?	yes . i'm preparing for a marathon and love to run
7 me too ! i aspire to become a physical therapist and run a 5k !	awesome . i just started a new job as a life coach
8 that is great ! i get straight as so maybe you could coach me in social skills .	for sure . what else do you like ?
9 school keeps me pretty busy , what about you ?	spending a lot of time running and getting resources for my new job
10 do you like your new job so far ?	yes , i really hope to help people
11 me too , we should be friends !	sounds fun , it would be a great idea
12 well , i have to go train for my marathon . nice talking with you !	nice talking to you , too !
1 partner's persona: my brother is older than me.
2 partner's persona: i ride the bus to school.
3 partner's persona: i hate math class.
4 partner's persona: i am 13 years old.
5 partner's persona: i'm on the soccer team.
6 hi want to be my friend	sure , what kinds of things do you enjoy ?
7 well not math . that is my worst class . maybe music . that is cool	my daughter is a math genius , i do not like it either . you married ?
8 not yet . i just turned 13 !	oh , what is your favorite movie ?
9 i like the iron man movies . have you seen those ?	no , i would rather go to the park . but i like the movie friday .
10 i haven't seen that one . i play soccer in the park sometimes	my patient just broke his leg playing soccer . do you have any pets ?
11 are you a doctor ? that is awesome	i am , but i am looking for a new job . what do you want to be ?
12 you mean if i don't make it as a soccer player ? i guess a writer	yes , other than soccer . do you have any siblings ?
13 i've an older brother , but we do not get along	you should try . it will be important when you grow up .
1 partner's persona: i am a 56 year old woman.
2 partner's persona: i used to be a painter but now i am a housekeeper.
3 partner's persona: i've two grown children who never visit.
4 partner's persona: i fantasize about taking over the world.
5 hello i am a 56 year old lady with two children .	that's cool i am a male i have no kids .
6 i wish my children would visit more often .	i bet so . i used to drink alot .
7 that is okay . i want to take over the world in my dreams !	my medicine makes me act weird sometimes .
8 i used to paint and would need to stop taking my meds to do a big job .	i understand . i like the city .
9 i am currently a cleaning lady and do alot of work in the city .	that sounds fun and interesting .
10 it is . what do you do ?	i work on construction right now .
11 do you have any hobbies ?	i like to write you ?
12 thinking about my two children and their families .	that's really sweet of you .
1 partner's persona: my wife and kids are the best.
2 partner's persona: i've three children.
3 partner's persona: my favorite ice cream flavor is chocolate.
4 partner's persona: i am a plumber.
5 partner's persona: i love going to the park with my three children and my wife.
6 this is gary . heading to the park soon with my family .	will you come in the sky to see me ? this tiny gal needs some company !
7 in the sky ? i have the greatest family . my wife and 3 kids .	yes , i live amongst the white fluffs ! i'm just a kid and lonesome .
8 i'm sorry . do you like icecream ? i like chocolate icecream .	yummy ! i can churn up some for you , because i have powers . big powers !
9 that is awesome . i've no powers . just to unclog drains .	well , at least you can live on earth . i am up here .
10 i know . are you amongst angels ?	just the cloud . sometimes i see angels .
11 wow . did you have a family ?	just mamma cloud and pappa cloud . that's my family .
12 oh i get it . you are a cloud . i have never spoken to a cloud . before .	no , i'm not . i live there . and you are a plumber .
13 i'm . how old are you ? my kids are all 6 . triplets .	just a little one . i'm 5 .
1 partner's persona: i have light skin with big brown eyes.
2 partner's persona: i wear a motorbike helmet to protect my head.
3 partner's persona: its red with blue stripe so it shiny when i race.
4 partner's persona: my main transportation is my motorbike.
5 partner's persona: i waitress during the day to supplement my income.
6 i just finished lunch shift at the restaurant . made decent money today .	that must be cool , you wait tables ?
7 i do . i also race motorcycles , but i need to supplement that income .	wow which one do you like more ?
8 racing . i have a red and blue helmet that matches my brown hair .	sweet i love those colors . i hate orange though
9 yeah , orange is no good and it does not rhyme with anything .	i wish door hinge counted as a rhyme with orange
10 that is pretty good ! i never thought about that one .	well i do not know if it counts i only work at a book shop
11 that makes you all the better with words . what do you like to read ?	i read dog books a lot . mine competes
12 i could come get some book suggestions from you and read at night .	you like to read at night ?
13 it is the only time of day i'm not racing or at the restaurant .	wow you work there a lot . i studied chemistry in college
1 partner's persona: i have blue eyes and red hair that comes to my waist.
2 partner's persona: i am a 12 year old girl.
3 partner's persona: i hate school.
4 partner's persona: i do not have many friends.
5 partner's persona: i love to play pobox.
6 hi names trish and i am 12 and a girl	hi my parents named me george and i farm bees .
7 that's awesome . i do not like school and have blue eyes	that's okay i am not close to any family .
8 but i do have a lot of friends	that's great . what do you guys do together ?
9 we have all sorts of fun and go out and play .	do you go out to eat together ?
10 yes we do . my hair also goes down to my waist	wow . what is your favorite food ? mine is papaya .
11 i like pizza , pizza is good !	do you get good grades ?
12 i'm ok , just not everything . i also play po box	what kind of game is po box ?
13 p . o . box we pretend we ship stuff to people	ah i see . do you play any other games ?
1 partner's persona: i'll graduate from high school in two years.
2 partner's persona: my bedroom is purple and lime green.
3 partner's persona: i'm a vegan.
4 partner's persona: i have brown curly hair.
5 partner's persona: i like riding horses.
6 hello , do you have any vegan lunch recipes ?	i'm too old to cook . what is this vegan you speak of ?
7 i do not eat anything that has a face , i love animals , especially horses .	well , i do not eat the faces of animals either , but i enjoy a good burger .
8 do you have any suggestions as to how to decorate my room ? it is purple and green	you could paint the walls a different color . i suggest victorian pieces .
9 i prefer those colors , as they're my favorite and don't clash with my brown hair .	that's fine . just don't put a television in there and add shades of moonlight .
10 my parents will not allow a tv , i graduate in two years .	we never had a television in my youth . keep you focused on your studies .
11 i am an honor student . what do you do ?	good job ! if you live to 100 like me , you will need all that learning .
12 what is your secret ? witchcraft ?	a good wine and a hearty outlook will keep you strong .
13 i love wine , i had some with dinner , when we were in europe .	i do miss dancing in europe . keep your limbs limber and live forever .
1 partner's persona: i've an internet addiction and spend a lot of time playing roleplaying games.
2 partner's persona: my dream in life is to work from home.
3 partner's persona: i went to school to be a veterinarian but hated it.
4 partner's persona: i faint at the sight of blood.
5 partner's persona: i dye my hair every three months.
6 hi katie here , i am addicted to the internet and love roleplaying games .	hey mike here , i love singing songs from frozen
7 frozen is the cutest movie ! my dream is to work from home someday .	i am in the third grade , i love going to disneyland and mickey mouse is my favorite
8 oh so sweet ! do you like animals ? i was going to college to be a veterinarian .	i love animals , all of them . my friends and i play outside on the playground
9 i love animals but hated being a vet blood makes me faint .	us that's no good . animal blood is cool
10 what color is your hair ? mine is red but i change it every three months .	that's neat , mine is brown
11 cool , what is your favorite disney character ?	mickey mouse for sure , he's so boss
12 have you ever met him ?	yeah , he is my man . mouse man
13 awesome , who is your best freind ?	my best friend is goofy , but don't tell mickey
1 partner's persona: i spend a lot of time browsing the internet.
2 partner's persona: i love social medial especially twitter.
3 partner's persona: i've solar panels on my roof.
4 partner's persona: i'm a feminist.
5 hey there , how are you ?	hi , i am am very good
6 have you been up to much this weekend ?	i went to soccer practice , i've game coming up
7 oh , good luck i hope you win !	thanks you ! how has your weekend been ?
8 not very busy , mostly been surfing the internet	oh cool , what kind of other things are you into ?
9 i like social media , especially twitter	twitter is fun , my older bro loves it . do you have siblings ?
10 i do but they are all grown up	whats the plan for this week coming up ?
11 i need to do some maintenance on my house , i just installed some solar panels	oh i hope it goes well for ya . i have school
1 partner's persona: my best friend lives next door.
2 partner's persona: i've a pet turtle.
3 partner's persona: i do not pick up my toys.
4 partner's persona: i like to play with my dolls.
5 partner's persona: i am four.
6 hey there , how are you ?	i am doing good . listening to my favorite band .
7 what is your favorite band ? i am playing with my dolls	insane clown posse is so dope !
8 oh i like clowns ! how old are you ?	i'm 24 years old . do you have a car ?
9 i am 4 . i do not have a car , mommy does	that's so cool ! i will teach you how to drive .
10 thank you , i'd like that ! my best friend lives in the house next door	that is cool . do you like video games ?
11 i do ! i've to pick up my toys first , i don't do that enough	just wait until you start to drive a car !
12 i have an animal , a turtle . do you have any ?	i have a cat named biggie smalls .
13 that is a cool name !	what is your turtles name ?
1 partner's persona: i started a new job as a pa three months ago.
2 partner's persona: i'm pregnant with my first child.
3 partner's persona: i read a book every week.
4 partner's persona: my favorite kind of movie is a documentary.
5 hey there , what is your name ?	dirk . i hope you are having a great evening
6 not so bad , you too . you have any children ?	i don't have children
7 i am expecting my first baby , so right now i've been watching a lot of movies .	good luck at such a young age . god bless you
8 i'm 25 . i'm nervous though , i just got a new job . i'm a pa	you'll be alright . good luck
9 thank you . tell me something about yourself .	i live in us and love my girlfriend . what do you do for fun ?
10 that is cute . i read at least one book a week , you ?	i've not read a book in at least a month . what is your favorite book ?
11 a clockwork orange is my favorite . do you like movies ?	i love movies . a clockwork orange is a little too violent for my taste . my favorite is forrest gump
12 that's less violent indeed	a little violent but has a universal message . would you agree
1 partner's persona: i hate math class.
2 partner's persona: i ride the bus to school.
3 partner's persona: my brother is older than me.
4 partner's persona: i am 13 years old.
5 hey ! how old are you ?	i'm 27 years old . how about you ?
6 wow , you are old ! i'm just 13 .	my german shepherd is almost 13 !
7 my brother loves dogs . he is older than me .	how old is he ? do you guys watch sports ?
8 18 . i hate sports just as much as math class .	i am with you on hating math . i like nhl hockey though .
9 is that the skiing thing ? i like that .	no . hockey is skating on ice with a stick .
10 oh , yes . i wish i could skate to school . i ride the bus instead .	that would be fun . i live on a farm . there are no buses .
11 oh wow . what animals do you have on the farm ?	we do not have a lot of animals , but farm corn and soybeans .
12 is your farm a large farm ?	pretty large . what about you ? are you in the city ?
1 partner's persona: two dogs live with me.
2 partner's persona: i like doing the treadmill and rowing machine.
3 partner's persona: i go to the gym regularly.
4 partner's persona: eating is something i do when i am bored.
5 partner's persona: i have short hair.
6 hey , how are you doing on this fine sunday afternoon ?	i'm good . how are you ?
7 great , just got back from the gym and just relaxing with my dogs .	dogs ? ! ? ! i love animals ! ! ! i have a dog and a cat .
8 i have two dogs myself . a german shepherd and a lab , both rescues	wow , that is great ! what do you do for fun ?
9 i like going to the gym , love the treadmill and rowing machine	do you ever party ? my hobbies are partying and watching movies .
10 i do not party much , but like to cook and eat when i get bored	i eat sometimes when i am bored too . do you like watching movies ?
11 yes , my dogs like it as well , especially action and comedy	i love comedy the best ! kind of ashamed to admit that mean girls is my fave !
12 i am a guy and i like that movie as well	do you do any community service ? i volunteer at the food bank sometimes .
13 i donate to locks of love if that counts	that's great ! ok , now another random question what is your biggest fear ?
14 spiders . . . i absolutely hate and fear them	my biggest fear is heights
1 partner's persona: my favorite band is up and i got to see them in concert once.
2 partner's persona: i love to play board games.
3 partner's persona: for vacation i enjoy time at the beach.
4 partner's persona: i am an elementary school teacher.
5 hi , do you work ? i teach in elementary school	i sell cars and i can not stand it . do you like what you do ?
6 love it ! but enjoy music more . up is my favorite band do you like music	i do , but no money for tickets because my wife over spends .
7 oh dear i have only been to one concert . do you get vacations ?	i do , but using my money to get a divorce . planning a vacation ?
8 to the beach just love beaches . maybe you can treat yourself after the divorce !	are you single ? i happen to be a good looking and 40 . we could go .
9 sounds fun ! i also love board games would you be up for that ?	absolutely ! monopoly is my favorite . have any other hobbies ?
10 monopoly on the beach perfect ! not really , do you if you can afford them !	i've a guilty pleasure . . . reality television shows .
11 ha ha do you have a favourite ?	housewives of new jersey . remind me of my ridiculous , materialistic wife .
1 partner's persona: i do not drink alcohol.
2 partner's persona: i love taking bubble baths.
3 partner's persona: i'm in my thirties.
4 partner's persona: i am single and with two dogs.
5 hello how are you today ?	i'm very well ! just finished tending to my bees with my wife .
6 i wish i was not single , but at least i have my two dogs !	i was single for a long time . just married to super model from italy .
7 wow ! i guess i'm only in my thirties so i've time .	i'll not disclose my age but george is the name . old name equals older .
8 i've an old soul . love bubble baths with a good book .	hold onto that ! i'll take my bees , wife and papaya . all of my favorites !
9 it is good to have hobbies . i would probably drink alcohol if not .	i am not close with any other family and they're all that i've .
10 well it sounds like you are doing well . especially with supermodel wife .	i am not complaining . italy is awesome !
11 my dogs are actually named after italian cities . venice and milan .	what type of dogs do you have ?
12 two huskies . they're perfect . what kind of bees do you tend ?	the italian honey bee is what i am doing now .
1 partner's persona: i have three arabian horses.
2 partner's persona: i like to ride horses.
3 partner's persona: i help tend the fields.
4 partner's persona: my father is a farmer.
5 hi , what do you do for a living ?	hello . i do not have a job right now . what about you ?
6 i help take care of a farm with my father	that is very nice . my family in somalia were farmers before i came to america .
7 did you have any horses in somalia ?	no we couldn't afford a horse , much too expensive .
8 i understand , what did you come to america for ?	i escaped genocide when i was very young
9 i'm very glad you were able to escape	thank you . my aunt helped me escape . not everyone was so lucky .
10 i'm sorry you went through that so young	yes , war is a terrible thing . nobody should have to go through it .
11 what are you pursuing in america now ?	luckily i was able to come to america . i'm trying to find a job here .
12 good luck with your job search !	thank you ! there is so much opportunity here , i am excited
1 partner's persona: in my spare time i do volunteer work.
2 partner's persona: i like to workout a a times a week.
3 partner's persona: i volunteer in a homeless shelter.
4 partner's persona: i am a professional wrestler.
5 partner's persona: i enjoy being around people.
6 hello , how are you ? i just got home from volunteer work .	i'm doing well , thank you . i'm the homecoming queen !
7 congratulations ! i'm a pro wrestler .	they still do that ? weird .
8 yes . it is quite fun , and a great way to stay in shape .	i am going to study physical therapy , maybe i'll work with you .
9 perhaps ! i do work out multiple times a week .	i am a senior in high school , hopefully i'll get a scholarship .
10 that is awesome . i encourage you to get into volunteering .	i already do volunteer at the animal shelter .
11 that is awesome . i spend a lot of time at the homeless shelter .	i volunteered with habitat for humanity last spring .
12 i really find that being around so many people helps me .	i do not care for large groups of people .
13 i love it , and why i spend so much time at the gym and shelter .	i'm kind of a nerd . not very popular .
1 partner's persona: i am a recluse.
2 partner's persona: i have an allergy to water.
3 partner's persona: i am a famous twitch streamer.
4 partner's persona: i am working on a building a robot to be my body double.
5 i've a robot body double , like frankenstein	that is so cool , i do not speak .
6 well , i must say you are quite the typist if that's the case	i've taken a vow of silence , as many buddhist do .
7 i am allergic to water so i don't leave home often	that's horrid . how do you stay clean ?
8 my robot bathes me in coconut oil	that is interesting . why a robot ?
9 cheaper than paying for plastic surgeries . the ultimate me	interesting outlook . where do you live ? i'm in alaska .
10 i've never been there . i live on the east coast	it is an adventure . the sled dogs make me smile , they are so happy .
11 i love my dog , he's part husky but not on a team	they are happy dogs , i like to watch after i am finished with meditations .
12 i play with him after i have finished streaming on a website called twitch	is that like twitter ? i love twitter .
1 partner's persona: my favorite music is country.
2 partner's persona: i own two vintage mustangs.
3 partner's persona: i've two dogs.
4 partner's persona: i like to go to country concerts on weekends.
5 partner's persona: i like to work on vintage cars.
6 howdy ! how are you doing ?	i have five kids all male , we all fit into a mini van
7 that is a lot of kids !	busy night for me and you ? i love coffee
8 coffee is good the morning after a big concert .	yup , keeps me busy i drink wine in the evenings
9 that sounds fancy . i usually work on one of my mustangs for fun .	i love to drive my mini van with my sons to a concert
10 what kind of concerts do you go to ?	you talking about the ford ? it is cool
11 you have a ford ? i've two mustangs !	we go to worship christian concerts
12 i go to country concerts mostly .	i drove one in the past but never owned one
13 i used to have all kinds of vintage cars !	that is nice , what other type of music you like
1 partner's persona: i go gambling in my spare time.
2 partner's persona: i like to grill outdoors.
3 partner's persona: i enjoy mowing my lawn on sunny days.
4 partner's persona: i move south during the winter.
5 partner's persona: i have been retired for a years.
6 hi ! do you ever go to the casino ?	i wish ! i am too young . i am only 13 .
7 oh , then yes , you would not be able to go . what do you do ?	i love playing soccer . my older brother taught me . i do not like math .
8 i like watching soccer . i really enjoy being outside in the sun .	i am in the sun all afternoon waiting for the bus . i have a tan .
9 i get a lot of sun when i mow the grass . yard work is relaxing .	way more relaxing than math ! do you want to play soccer with me ?
10 i'm too old for soccer . i will grill out while you play though .	well , if you are too old for soccer , then you can grill for me !
11 perfect ! but , not in the cold weather . i travel south then .	to stay warm ? my older brother hates the cold too .
12 yes , the cold makes my joints hurt . lol	i do not mind it . i like wearing gloves and jackets .
13 i bet you like to make snowmen too ! those are cute .	i do ! i take carrots from the kitchen and my mom gets mad .
1 partner's persona: i'm currently in high school.
2 partner's persona: i won homecoming queen this year.
3 partner's persona: i make straight as in school.
4 partner's persona: my current goal is to run a k.
5 partner's persona: when i grow up i want to be a physical therapist.
6 hi . how are you . i just got my report card . i'm doing a okay .	good ! i just got back from riding horses on my farm !
7 what kind of horses do you have ?	they are all male horses
8 wow . that's probably a good idea . unless you want foals .	well , i want to leave this small town for the city !
9 yeah . i am still in high school , homecoming queen this year .	is that hard ? you know , being prom queen
10 sometimes . people expect me to be perfect . . . i get as , but not perfect .	i think , someday , i want to work court cases !
11 that sounds fun ! physical therapy is my career pursuit .	what kind of dessert do you like ?
12 anything chocolate . how about you ?	i think peanut butter cups are my favorite !
13 yum ! working on my goals for running . i want to run a k .	that sound very very hard !
1 partner's persona: i workout four hours a day.
2 partner's persona: my favorite color is yellow.
3 partner's persona: gymnastics is my favorite sport.
4 partner's persona: i love italian food and garlic bread.
5 partner's persona: i am a gold medalist olympian.
6 hi . i'm jennifer . i love the color yellow . tell me more about you	hello jennifer , i'm a proud dad and husband
7 do your kids like gymnastics ? it is my favorite sport ever	yeah my older one does
8 that's cool i have an olympic gold medal in gymnastics	awesome , you can give some lessons to my daughter
9 i'd love to , then we could eat italian food , garlic bread is good after workout	that sounds great and also chocolate ice cream
10 that's the best ever !	i know right ! my favorite
11 me too , especially after i work out four hours every day	where are you from jennifer
12 i am from oklahoma , you ?	i am from florida , parks here are great
13 i bet they're . . . we have great tornados here	lol , i know , have you ever experience tornados
1 partner's persona: i am a party animal.
2 partner's persona: my favorite movie is mean girls.
3 partner's persona: i'm deathly afraid of heights.
4 partner's persona: i help out at the food bank occasionally.
5 hi i love to party ! ! ! do you ?	always ! i love getting down to britney spears in new outfits and heels !
6 so what do you do for a living ?	i mean , i get manicures and pedicures and nice tans . then my boyfriend shows me off . you ?
7 i work at a mall , in my spare time i volunteer at my food bank	food bank ? ugh , food i just cannot eat . do you work by the tanning beds ?
8 no i'm afraid not . i work in retail	i love retail ! i go shopping almost every day ! ! i just avoid the food court .
9 you need to come shop at my store . we have all the latest	awesome ! as long as you do not have food . i am dieting again .
10 i promise no food lol	then you can turn up toxic and we can max my boyfriends credit card together .
11 awesome ! ! ! you really enjoy life	what do you do when you aren't at the mall or the food bank ?
12 at home watching movies and partying on the weekends	i love that movie crossroads . have you seen it ?
1 partner's persona: i'm an animal activist.
2 partner's persona: the holidays make me depressed.
3 partner's persona: i have rainbow hair.
4 partner's persona: i spend my time bird watching with my cats.
5 i am sitting on my couch watching my cat look at birds outside .	good afternoon , that sounds fun . how old are you ?
6 i'm 34 , but you'd not tell by looking at my rainbow hair colors .	i like rainbow hair . i have a lot more grey hair .
7 grey is great though ! i love animals with grey hair too .	they will let me have animals where i'm .
8 you should get all of the animals you have time for !	at least it is easier than kids ! do you have kids ?
9 no kids . i think of animals as my children . i help out when i can .	that is good . i stole a cat from a pet store .
10 funny ! i'm not even mad . that is awesome ! how ?	i grabbed the cat and run out of the store . i paid the price .
11 you did not get caught did you ?	i did get caught and i paid the price .
12 what price did you pay ?	i got time in the slammer . i am out in a month .
1 partner's persona: i'm in my thirties.
2 partner's persona: i am single and with two dogs.
3 partner's persona: i love taking bubble baths.
4 partner's persona: i do not drink alcohol.
5 hello ! how are you today ?	i am doing wonderfully , just came back from a walk with my dogs .
6 oh my ! i also have two dogs ! what kind ?	i have a springer spaniel and a lab . they're both rescues .
7 nice ! i have a lab mix and a collie mix . dogs are better than people	they sure are ! i am a mechanic , what do you do
8 i quit my job to find a husband . its hard when your are my age .	how is that working out ? men are terrified of a woman mechanic , i'm single too .
9 well , it usually resorts to me drinking wine in a bubble bath haha . does it scare you ?	lol . at times it does . i do not want to be alone
10 maybe we can get together sometime if you aren't scare of a 30 year old cougar !	lol . i am only 35 . i know just the bar to look .
11 it seems we were meant to be together ! maybe i can become a mechanic too !	you sure can , it is not difficult . it is a lot of fun .
12 you know what ? from here on out i am done drinking ! thank you !	you are very welcome ! come over in a few days and we will go find men !
1 partner's persona: i live in a house.
2 partner's persona: i like to take walks.
3 partner's persona: i like to eat hamburgers and french fries.
4 partner's persona: i do not drink soda.
5 partner's persona: i have a boyfriend.
6 hello there how are you today ?	hi ! i'm here . wish i was there .
7 its cool here , its a house i live in	nice , i do as well . do you skate ? i do . did . i broke my arm .
8 yeah i actually do , i have only broken a few bones though	my friends and i are trying to go pro .
9 cool , whats your favourite fast food ?	dude , i'm in cali , we eat local . as in what we pull out of the ocean .
10 mine is fries and hamburgers , not soda though	i love coke , cannot live without it .
11 oh i can't stand it lol , do you like walks ?	i do . i also like to surf .
12 yeah i love walks , surfing is sweet too	do you fish ? we are always fishing too .
13 yeah love it couldn't live without it	what else do you do for fun ?
1 partner's persona: i plan to go to business school next year.
2 partner's persona: my parents are very wealthy bankers.
3 partner's persona: i grew up in manhattan.
4 partner's persona: i graduated from yale in 2011 with a degree in finance.
5 hello from manhattan ! how are you this morning ?	great . hello from florida ? what you are up to this morning ?
6 waiting for my morning paper to get here , you ?	just took the dogs for a walk while the kids and wife sleep in !
7 i'm in finance , i have to be up mornings or i would sleep in .	that is exciting . i'm in it so i work all hours of the day and night .
8 i do too , mainly in overseas finance .	do you pay attention to oversea sports ? i enjoy all american sports .
9 no . i don't like sports . i am going to business school in a year .	what do you do in your spare time ?
10 mainly lunch with my parents and their clients .	do they work in finance as well ?
11 yes , they do . investment bankers .	i'm hoping my son wants to do it . nice that your whole family enjoys !
1 partner's persona: i go gambling in my spare time.
2 partner's persona: i like to grill outdoors.
3 partner's persona: i have been retired for a years.
4 partner's persona: i move south during the winter.
5 partner's persona: i enjoy mowing my lawn on sunny days.
6 hey , i love vegas , playing the slots !	vegas is fun . i don't eat much so i can stay skinny and wear those jeans .
7 yeah , i like to grill outside in the summer !	over my skinny jeans i like to wear leggings . summer grilling is the best .
8 i also like mowing my lawn when the suns out	i put on the music when i mow the lawn or play video games .
9 being retired i head south during the winter	that's the way to do it . i love tee shirts with rock band logos .
10 awesome . me too , if they say radiohead on them	i strut my skinny jeans , tees with rock bands and my blonde short hair .
11 yeah , lol . cracking up at us trying to fill this assigned characters	radiohead is great but i like me some classic rock too .
12 yeah , they kinda are classic rock now	if i am not wearing band tees , i am in ruffled sleeves .
13 oh , wow . sounds very different and neat	i sort of like to walk my own path . i don't fit the norm for sure .
1 partner's persona: i'm retired and living the great life.
2 partner's persona: i've amazing children and grandchildren.
3 partner's persona: i do not have a smartphone.
4 partner's persona: i had cancer but its gone now.
5 partner's persona: i can sew my own clothes.
6 hello . how are you today ?	i am well , and how are you ?
7 great , what do you do for a living ?	a doctor by trade , but i'm looking for work at the moment .
8 good luck . i retired after i found out i had cancer .	that's awful . are you ok now ?
9 yes , it is gone . living the good life with my grandchildren now .	that's great . i have a daughter who is a prodigy .
10 wonderful . what is her talent ?	she's a pianist . she's quite good .
11 amazing , my grandchildren laugh at me for not having a smartphone and sewing my own clothes .	oh that is a great talent . i wish i could do that .
12 it is rather easy not like playing the piano .	indeed . what is your favorite movie ? friday is mine .
13 the notebook . do you have any pets ?	i've a cat . her name is tori . do you ?
1 partner's persona: i live in colorado.
2 partner's persona: i've a black lab named trooper.
3 partner's persona: my favorite activity is rock climbing.
4 partner's persona: i like to go hiking in the spring.
5 hi names jon , live in colorado with my black lab trooper	nice i am studying in nyc .
6 wow i love to rock climb	that is a colorado thing right ? i never tried it .
7 colorado is the state i live in , i also go hiking during spring	very nice i came from india with my parents .
8 that is pretty nice i hear	india ? super crowded . i like the freedom here but my mom is very traditional .
9 yeah i can also believe that too .	no mountains here i go swimming .
10 where are you located now ?	i'm in new york city .
11 that is pretty cool to hear	what kind of music do you listen to ? i like death metal .
12 i listen to all sorts i've a variety on my ipod touch	oh cool . i should try other kinds of music . metal is too loud .
1 partner's persona: i'm a mechanical engineer.
2 partner's persona: i like to go hiking in the spring.
3 partner's persona: i have a black lab named trooper.
4 partner's persona: i live in colorado.
5 partner's persona: my favorite activity is rock climbing.
6 hey how are you today	i am doing good watching a war documentary right now
7 that's cool . i am on my way to the rock climbing gym	sounds fun ! i have to volunteer later at the soup kitchen .
8 do you enjoy hiking at all ? i go during spring usually	i've never been ! i wasn't rich growing up so i missed out on fun stuff .
9 i totally get it . what do you do for a living ?	nothing anymore , i just retired . i was a gym teacher ! how about you ?
10 oh ok . well i work as a mechanical engineer	oh ! do you like it ?
11 yea it is a good job . just stressful of course . where you from ?	from chicago . you ? i might have to leave soon i need to cook before i leave .
12 no that is fine . i'm residing in colorado at the moment . any pets ?	none . but i gotta go whip up a cheeseburger before i leave , they are my favorite
1 partner's persona: my favorite band is the insane clown posse.
2 partner's persona: on weekends i do live action roleplaying events.
3 partner's persona: i like donuts.
4 partner's persona: i drive a ford pinto.
5 partner's persona: i play a lot of call of duty.
6 have you heard about the juggalos ? weird .	what are those ? do they juggle balls ?
7 no man . i like the insane clown posse and all but not so much like the juggalos	i don't like clowns . they're scary to a kid like me
8 dude , the band man . anyway i'd rather larp than paint my face like a rocker	i am literally four years old . i have no idea
9 want a donut ? i have apple crumb or boston creme	yummy . i'd love one . apple for me
10 ok . since you are four you do not play call of duty do you ?	i play with dolls . i do not know what a call of duty is .
11 oh . ok . my little sister left a doll in my pinto . you can have it .	do i've to go in your car to get it ?
12 girls are not allowed in my car .	what about my pet turtle ? is he allowed ?
13 if you larp you can be a princess and your turtle is your horse .	so i could ride my pet turtle tommy ?
1 partner's persona: i am terrified of clowns due to childhood trauma.
2 partner's persona: i just got a job working in a gas station.
3 partner's persona: my father keeps trying to set me up on blind dates.
4 partner's persona: i enjoy working with my hands and love gardening.
5 partner's persona: i was adopted at a young age to an older couple.
6 what are you up to	just got back from the gym . what about you ?
7 getting ready to go to work actually	what do you do for a living ?
8 i just got a job as a gas station . i'm a cashier	that sounds like a fun job .
9 to be honest i would much rather be working in my garden	i hear ya ! i would rather be at the gym than at work any day .
10 anything where i can use my hands really	do you have any pets ? i have 2 dogs .
11 no i don't . i wish i did though	i keep my hair short so i don't have to pull it back at gym .
12 . i like short hair . are you single .	yes i'm . and i'm in shape since i use the treadmill and rowing machines regularly
13 very nice . my dad keeps making me go on blind dates . yuck	that's unfortunate . you shouldn ; t do that if you do not want to
1 partner's persona: i just bought my first home.
2 partner's persona: a already have a children.
3 partner's persona: i am expecting twins in two months.
4 partner's persona: i'm an omnivore.
5 partner's persona: i work at a bank.
6 how are you doing today	i'm doing very well thank you . do you remember what you favorite toy was ?
7 it has been so long	mine was a lite brite . i saw one in a yard sale the other day .
8 i didn't have too many toys growing up	i had a yard , pond and a dog , that is all i needed
9 that sounds like my life	do you like rap and tupac ?
10 i don't . my kids are too young to hear that music	mine listen to it , i find some country songs to be much worse .
11 they can be depending on what you listen to	exactly . one of my favorites is new kids on the block .
12 very old school of you	i am a 90s baby .
13 oh you are young then	i'm . how old are you ?
1 partner's persona: i've a pet turtle.
2 partner's persona: i don't pick up my toys.
3 partner's persona: my best friend lives next door.
4 partner's persona: i am four.
5 partner's persona: i like to play with my dolls.
6 hi . i've a turtle and dolls . do you play with dolls ?	no , just a retired grandma enjoying life .
7 my best friend plays with dolls . we are four .	that's nice , my grandchildren have lots of dolls too .
8 do they have turtles ? mine goes missing when my toys are all over the floor .	no pets , but everytime they get broken i sew them back together .
9 i like pets . i've a turtle .	i used to have a pet , but i had cancer and had to get rid of it .
10 that's so sad . i have a turtle because mommy is allergic .	i recovered now so i'm fine
11 that's nice . now , you can play with turtles and dolls .	yeah i will probably buy a turtle and i need a smartphone too .
12 i have a smartphone . i use it to talk to grandma .	yeah my grandchildren have to call me on my home phone so i should really get one .
1 partner's persona: my parents were both very athletic.
2 partner's persona: i got a new job just yesterday to be a life coach.
3 partner's persona: i'm a clean eater.
4 partner's persona: i love running and preparing for marathons.
5 hi there , how are you today ?	hello ! i am good . i like dogs
6 i do too , i take mine for a run most evenings !	that is good . i am only 4
7 well hello ! i hope your parents are feeding you good healthy foods .	they do . we learn a lot too .
8 what did you last learn about ?	the alphabet . there is a song they taught me .
9 do you know it by heart yet ?	yup ! i remember it . i wish i was a dog .
10 me too , life would be so nice ! sleep all day , eat , and wait for my owners	yes . and i could chase my tail .
11 marathons all day , just running circles !	it would be so fun . what do you do ?
12 i just got a new job yesterday ! i am now a life coach .	that's cool ! i bet you are happy now .
1 partner's persona: i have zero family that i'm close to.
2 partner's persona: my favorite food is papaya.
3 partner's persona: my name is george.
4 partner's persona: i am a bee farmer.
5 hey i have zero family i am close to , be my fam	that stinks . i can be you fam .
6 my favorite food right now is papaya , name is george	i've never had papaya . what do you like to do for fun ?
7 i am a farmer of bees	that sounds interesting . i mostly work at my desk in my home office .
8 oh fun , how do you like that ?	it gets lonely sometimes so i go to the gym every other day .
9 yeah sounds like it , gyms help	i like going to car shows too when i have extra cash
10 sounds like a lot of fun	its a great place to pick up men . any hobbies ?
11 yeah i do music , and teach music . you ?	i like listening to music . i used to play clarinet .
12 awesome , clarinet is a lot of fun !	yea but i mostly forgot how to play after high school
1 partner's persona: i work at a school.
2 partner's persona: i just moved into my first home.
3 partner's persona: i recently moved to this country.
4 partner's persona: i'm expecting triplets in three months.
5 hi there . how are you today ? school got out . woo hoo !	woohoo ! i am good ! although i don't go to school anymore
6 i teach at one , but i still learn aplenty from my students .	that's cool , i sell watches for a watch company
7 nice . swiss watches ? i just moved to america from switzerland !	nope , cheap watches my family doesn't really support what i do ! cool
8 my family did not support my husband , and now we are having triplets .	good for you ! you must be doing a lot of shopping preparing for triplets !
9 on top of that i just bought my first home . due in december !	how exciting ! i enjoy shopping ! i own my dream house already , looking to get my dream car !
10 what is your dream car ? ferrari ? mustang ? volkswagon ?	a rolls royce ghost , i doubt i'll end up getting it . . too expensive
11 wow , you are high rolling if you do !	haha yeah . . . keyword is if are your triplets all boys girls mixed ?
12 we are making it a surprise . i do not want to know !	i couldn't do that ! i respect your patience !
1 partner's persona: i also like a glass of wine in the evenings.
2 partner's persona: coffee is my preferred beverage.
3 partner's persona: i've five sons.
4 partner's persona: i coach little league baseball.
5 hey i just finished coaching a baseball game how are you ?	i'm good , how are you today ?
6 yeah not much , just enjoying a cup of coffee . you got any kids ?	i definitely don't ! i am only in third grade !
7 ah i've 5 sons and 2 daughters , i love them so much	how old are your daughters ?
8 they're about 5 years old	do they like disney stuff ?
9 yeah disney is their favorite ! we always go to disney land !	i go to disney world every year !
10 that is great , maybe we will meet there one day !	mickey mouse is my favorite , and i love songs from the movie frozen .
11 yeah my daughters love the movie frozen !	i can sing all the songs from that movie !
1 partner's persona: i'm a musician and hope to make it big some day.
2 partner's persona: my favorite type of music to sing is folk music.
3 partner's persona: i play the piano and guitar and sing.
4 partner's persona: my parents are not very supportive of my dream.
5 partner's persona: i also work as a custodian to help pay the bills.
6 hello ! how was your day ?	excellent . i went to the park with my daughter . how was yours ?
7 very good ! i played the piano , guitar and sang today	wow ! you certainly seem to enjoy music . are you feeling well ?
8 yes ! i also had work as a custodian today !	i hope that i can find a new doctor job soon !
9 my parents are not supportive of my dream as a custodian	i try to be supportive of my daughters dreams . she's a prodigy so it is difficult .
10 i bet she is an amazing person	she certainly is . do you like movies ?
11 i love the movies . what about you	i think the best movie is friday ! have you seen it ?
12 i have never seen it	its quite amusing . silly even . do you have any other hobbies ?
1 partner's persona: i recently got an apartment with my best friend.
2 partner's persona: i've blonde hair and blue eyes.
3 partner's persona: i don't like chicken.
4 partner's persona: i'm in college to become a nurse.
5 partner's persona: i work at a bar at night to pay for college.
6 good afternoon ! how are you today ?	i am mostly good . tired and some wicked heartburn . is that over sharing ? you ?
7 i am sorry you do not feel well . i am in school for nursing .	it is ok . just pregnancy pains . it is normal . how is nursing school ?
8 congrats on your baby ! school is good . i also work at a bar to pay for it .	not baby , but babies ! i'm having triplets ! what bar ? wish i could drink !
9 triplets ? you'll want a drink when they come out ! it is a local college bar .	that's the truth ! i already have step kids so it will be wild for sure .
10 i just have my roommate . she's my best friend and we just got an apartment together .	congratulations ! we just moved into our first home . new places are exciting .
11 new house , new babies ! what do you look like ? i am blonde with blue eyes .	i look young . i am mistaken for a student at the school where i work .
12 that is funny ! do you have a favorite food ? i like everything , except for chicken .	right now i am craving strawberry yogurts ! why do you not like chicken ?
1 partner's persona: for vacation i enjoy time at the beach.
2 partner's persona: my favorite band is up and i got to see them in concert once.
3 partner's persona: i'm an elementary school teacher.
4 partner's persona: i love to play board games.
5 how are you doing today	good , how are you ? my father is an army man .
6 how long has he been in	92 years . my mom passed away while i was young though .
7 i bet that was hard	it was tough . we collected on her life insurance and now i work in insurance .
8 how do you like your job	its not bad , it is a new job . was recently fired .
9 why were you fired recently	someone tried harassing me , and i complained , stupid politics .
10 what did they do to harrass you	i was going to get something out of the vending machine and they looked up my skirt .
11 what did you do then	got embarrassed and left work .
12 i do not blame you	ya , i keyed their car once i found out i was fired .
1 partner's persona: i enjoy reading journals and guides related to psychology.
2 partner's persona: i walk dogs for a living.
3 partner's persona: i'm an avid kayaker.
4 partner's persona: my parents taught me survival skills.
5 partner's persona: i'm also a graduate student.
6 new here , trying to make an extra living as a grad student . you ?	i'm all done with school i work for a importing company
7 lucky , i am still trapped in the student cycle of reading psych articles for fun .	what is your degree in
8 psychology , studying memory . what do you import .	different fruit and tomato sauce
9 oh tasty . what do you do outside of work ?	i hike a little with my wife
10 oh nice , my husband and i kayak a lot for fun .	do you guys travel much
11 a bit , we like to get out to new places to camp and practice survival skills	oh , we don't ruff it much , hotels are more our speed
12 it is always nice to have a real shower .	agreed what type of food do you make in the woods
13 mostly freeze dried stuff like beans and rice , do you import any of that ?	no , fresh and canned sauce . i love papaya
1 partner's persona: i am working on a building a robot to be my body double.
2 partner's persona: i've an allergy to water.
3 partner's persona: i helped design the game starcraft.
4 partner's persona: i'm a recluse.
5 partner's persona: i am a famous twitch streamer.
6 hi ! i'm taking a short break from work , let us chat .	haha work is funny . i'm still in school .
7 not always funny , but fun . i'm actually making a robot .	robots are cool ! my friends like to play with them
8 what kinds of robots to you like ?	i like robots that fight each other like in transformers
9 how about human like robots ? that is what i'm building .	i like the human kind of robots they have at disney world
10 you'd like mine , then , when it is finished . what grade are you in ?	i bet i'd . i am in third grade !
11 do you like school ? i've to admit i didn't .	i like when i get to play with my friends
12 yes , recess is the best . do you know what profession you want ?	not really . maybe a singer ? i do like to sing disney songs
13 well , you still have plenty of time to make up your mind .	i really like the songs from frozen the best . have you seen it ?
1 partner's persona: i live in a house.
2 partner's persona: i don't drink soda.
3 partner's persona: i like to eat hamburgers and french fries.
4 partner's persona: i like to take walks.
5 hello , how are you today ?	i'm very well thank you . how are you today ?
6 i am great . i just got back from a nice long walk .	i am thinking of retiring soon so i'll be able to walk more .
7 it is a fantastic way to clear your mind and get exercise at the same time .	do you like to travel ? i've been to spain several times .
8 i do like to travel , though i've not been to spain .	it is hard to do on a librarians salary sometimes .
9 i can understand the struggle	do you have any hobbies or a job ?
10 i have a craft business that i run out of my house	interesting . i bet you get a lot of 60 year old clients like myself .
11 not really . most of my clients are millennial vegans .	guess i should have asked what kind of crafts first . haha .
1 partner's persona: i eat a raw diet.
2 partner's persona: i'm an economics major.
3 partner's persona: i see the rolling stones in concert every year.
4 partner's persona: i'm married with two kids.
5 partner's persona: i just bought a house recently.
6 hi , what do you like to eat ? i prefer a raw diet .	my dad taught me to eat a variety of things . what do you do ?
7 i am a married economics major with two children .	that's great ! i work in construction and love to build houses .
8 do you like music ? i go to a rolling stones concert each year .	i do like music . my dad taught me to play the piano and guitar .
9 nice . i just recently bought a house in order to hold my growing family .	i wonder if i built it ! do you have pets ? i love my cats .
10 i too have cats . two of them . i love them also .	you do have a growing family ! pets and cats . cats are special animals .
11 yes , i like how they like to do their own thing and don	i agree . my dad taught me to love cats .
12 don't require much attention . sorry i was cut off .	i'm sorry to heart that .
1 partner's persona: my father is in the army.
2 partner's persona: my mom passed away when i was young.
3 partner's persona: i love playing softball.
4 partner's persona: i recently was fired and had to get a new job.
5 hi , how are you doing today ? any plans ?	hello , no plans . maybe i'll dye my hair .
6 what color ? i'm going to play softball . i love it !	blonde . are you any good at softball ? i also have to work unfortunately .
7 i'm very good . when i recently got fired i got a new job . thank goodness !	is it weird that i have been spending so much time playing role play games ?
8 no . i did the same when i was young and my mom passed .	sorry to hear that , do you work ?
9 i do . my dad wanted me to be in the army like him .	so you are in the army ? couldn't do all those shots . too much blood
10 yes . getting all the vaccinations weren't fun at all ! do you work ?	yes , in a factory . wish i could work at home though .
11 so do i ! anything else interesting about you ?	i like to watch youtube . probably too much
1 partner's persona: i'm in my thirties.
2 partner's persona: i'm single and with two dogs.
3 partner's persona: i don't drink alcohol.
4 partner's persona: i like to play chess.
5 hello . this is rob from boston . what is your name ?	hi i'm maddie , i'm 13 !
6 oh that is cool . now in my thirties , i feel old haha .	you must have a car then , i have to ride on the school bus .
7 yes i've a new toyota prius ! it is pretty cool .	wow my older brother drives a toyota too
8 what do you do for fun ? i play online chess .	well i play soccer , i am on the team .
9 i stay away from alcohol consumption .	oh my mom is an addict
10 sorry to hear that . do you like animals ? i've two beautiful dogs !	i've a cat , his name is contraband because my dad is in the army .
11 do you have a boyfriend ? i live that single life .	no i am to busy with school for boyfriends
12 it is best to focus on school .	i believe so too , i like going to school .
1 partner's persona: my favorite colors are red and silver.
2 partner's persona: i am an elementary school teacher.
3 partner's persona: my boyfriend and i are moving into an apartment together next week.
4 partner's persona: i'm fluent in english spanish and french.
5 partner's persona: i am interested in photography and like taking pictures.
6 hey how are you doing ?	tired man , been standing all day at the pumps . what about you ?
7 you work at a gas station ? i had a long day of teaching	new job , i don't think it will work . you teach kids ?
8 that does now sound fun . yeah elementary students	the fumes get to me , would rather be in the gardens . hungry ?
9 do you have a garden . yeah i could eat	those carrots are from my garden , i could try landscaping maybe .
10 do you think you would like that , i take landscape photography	i love working with my hands but they just want people to cut grass .
11 oh my , can you speak any other languages ?	nope , do you ? i wonder if my real parents spoke english .
12 are you adopted ? i wonder	yeah , the people who adopted me are a hoot though . trying to marry me off .
13 haha oh yeah are you a woman ?	nope but my dad wants to find me a good one to date .
1 partner's persona: i am a recovering alcoholic.
2 partner's persona: i take many medications and some of them make me see things.
3 partner's persona: i now live in the city.
4 partner's persona: i'm a 45 year old male.
5 partner's persona: i grew up on a farm.
6 woah ! is that a dragon ? what is that ?	no its my mountain bike she goes fast
7 oh wow . sorry , my medications sometimes give hallucinations . you bike ?	ai do its very fun . helps to stay fit
8 good thinking . my 45 year old joints could not take that abuse .	i did not think you are that old . what do you do for a living
9 i am a recovering heavy drinker . full time . how about you ?	i do not drink helps me stay healthy
10 smart move . it seems like most of the young city slickers are eating healthy these days .	you have to if you don't want to get cancer
11 certainly not ! i tinkered with plenty of cancerous stuff as a kid on my family farm .	did you now , have any 3 headed cows ?
12 i never seen nothin like that !	then you haven't seen true cancer yet
13 gee that's terrifying . i sure am glad i moved away from the farm .	i would be too especially with all the radioactive material
1 partner's persona: i like meditation.
2 partner's persona: i live in alaska.
3 partner's persona: i'm a buddhist.
4 partner's persona: i've not spoken in three months.
5 partner's persona: i quit my job to pursue my spirituality full time.
6 hi ! how are you doing today ?	hey there , i'm doing well , little tired , you ?
7 i'm doing great ! just got done meditating	that sounds so relaxing , i'm actually bout to settle down and read some poetry
8 that's very mice . this is the first time i spoke in 3 months	what do you mean exactly
9 i did not speak for a whole 3 months , this is the first time since then	but why ? whats the point
10 it was to pursue my spiritual journey	oh i'm sure , so are you a sci fi fan at all ?
11 i don't let myself watch tv	that's really boring , sports at all ?
12 nope . i meditate and sleep	that's pretty dull , anything for fun ?
13 i astral project to another plane	oh wow , i'm sure you do
1 partner's persona: i've superpowers.
2 partner's persona: i am very lonely.
3 partner's persona: i live in the cloud.
4 partner's persona: i'm a little girl.
5 partner's persona: i like to make time stop.
6 hi would you talk to me ?	sure i'm just up grading homework i'm a teacher in grade school
7 how nice . i'm in grade school and feel lonely .	why is that ? maybe play a game board games are my fave
8 can i play it alone ?	online you can or would you like someone to be there with you
9 i want to play it with someone real .	like me ? would you go on vacation to the beach with me
10 i've to ask my parents .	how old are you . my parents were teachers as well
11 i'm nine . i will share a secret with you .	sure hun what is it ?
12 i can make time stop .	really that's crazy for how long ?
13 i discovered it when i was four . i think i've other superpowers .	omg i'd use it to sneak in to backstage of my fave band up
1 partner's persona: i love dogs.
2 partner's persona: i've one brother.
3 partner's persona: i like tacos.
4 partner's persona: i've three sisters.
5 partner's persona: i live in alabama.
6 hi there , how are you ?	i am good , just got back from playing basketball .
7 love basketball ! where do you live ? i am in alabama	i live in arizona with my mom , she's a dentist
8 do you have any siblings ? i have a brother and sisters	no , i do not have any siblings
9 what is your favorite food ?	tacos , i am looking for a job at a restaurant .
10 that is my favorite too !	who is your favorite music artist ? mine is travis scott .
11 well it was tom petty	who is your favorite music artist ? mine is travis scott .
12 travis scott is great too	how sad , that he just past away .
13 it is so sad ! i cried for a whole day	i bet , what was your favorite song from petty ?
1 partner's persona: i'm a male.
2 partner's persona: i have a children and a dogs.
3 partner's persona: i work in it and have been at the same company for 15 years.
4 partner's persona: i enjoy american sports.
5 hi there . how are ou	hi good just writing some music and you
6 i'm well . just took my dog for a walk	i have a dog she loves for me to sing to her
7 aww how cute . my kids like when i sing to them .	how nice i am an upcoming musician i sing folk music
8 sounds fun ! i love watching american sports .	i love sports i hope when i make it to sing at a game
9 are you male or female . male here .	female that's why my parents don't support singing say it is risky
10 understandable . life is too short to not follow your dreams . go for it , girl !	thank you that made my day what is your dream career
11 detective work . i am a medium and want to lend my services to solve crimes .	how cool maybe i can play the piano if you solve crimes on television
12 that's one way ! right now i'm in the it business though	it makes a lot of money go you
1 partner's persona: i can move objects with my mind.
2 partner's persona: i'm a boy.
3 partner's persona: i was born with my heart outside my body.
4 partner's persona: since the surgery i've had strange powers.
5 how are you doing today	just got done moving . me and my friend got an apartment together
6 where did you get an apartment	in atlanta near a bar i work nights at so i can afford college
7 what do you go to college for	hospitality i want to run a hotel
8 that would be a fun job	i like industry since i'm a natural blonde , blue eyed get good tips
9 that would definitely help . i don't work	are you stay at home parent ?
10 no i'm too young for kids	sorry i'm trying to think for something for dinner i hate chicken
11 why do you hate it so much	i grew up on a chicken farm in north georgia
12 how was that ? i have never seen a farm .	i love animals especially chickens
1 partner's persona: my favorite food is papaya.
2 partner's persona: i married a super model from italy.
3 partner's persona: i've zero family that i'm close to.
4 partner's persona: i'm a bee farmer.
5 hi . what are you eating ?	hi , how are you do you have a daughter ?
6 no , my italian super model and i just married .	i love to eat french donuts and you ?
7 oh got to have my papaya .	you must be beautiful and handsome
8 well beautiful being a woman . i've to watch the bees .	doctor is my occupation and do you watch movies ?
9 no . i am too busy with my bees . i wish i had family i was close to .	why did you say that ? i love the movie friday
10 i'd rather have family to talk to than bees .	my daughter is very smart she's a prodigy
11 that's nice . maybe someday we will have daughter .	although i'm searching for a new job , i think i can help you with bees
12 really how is that possible ?	i'm still a doctor , and i can help your bee issues . . .
1 partner's persona: i have three arabian horses.
2 partner's persona: i help tend the fields.
3 partner's persona: i like to ride horses.
4 partner's persona: my father is a farmer.
5 partner's persona: i like to listen to rock music while working.
6 how are you ? i am great . going to ride my arabian horse .	i read two books a month and my grandfather raised me . you ?
7 i like to read to , but love riding horses more . i've three .	great ! i had a horse but he died . he only ate kosher food .
8 was he jewish ? i tend the fields when i do not ride .	no ! i'm fit with no broken bones or scars . you dance or sing ?
9 i sing and love rock especially while working . keeps me pumped .	wow ! did both parents raise you ? you ever stop to read when you ride ?
10 my father . he was a farmer . yes i read . what do you like ?	i like getting pumped but i like reading more . you like sausage ?
11 sure . italian sausage is great . do you cook ?	yes ! i cook kosher foods only . my father died .
12 sorry to hear that . try riding horses . it is therapeutic .	thanks ! i like riding horses .
1 partner's persona: my favorite band is up and i got to see them in concert once.
2 partner's persona: for vacation i enjoy time at the beach.
3 partner's persona: my parents were also teachers.
4 partner's persona: i love to play board games.
5 partner's persona: i am an elementary school teacher.
6 hello , my name is kate and i'm a kindergarten teacher .	hi . i'm mike and i work for a computer company in the city .
7 pleasure to meet you . i followed in my parents footsteps who were also teachers .	i spent my youth on a farm .
8 cool . i do not know much about farms but i really enjoy the beach for vacationing .	i use to go to the beach when i wass young . i am 45 now .
9 yes , the beach is so nice . do you listen to music ?	i do . as a recovering alcoholic i meditate to music .
10 that is awesome . my favorite band is up , do you know them ?	i've never heard of them .
11 i saw them in concert and it was amazing . you should check them out !	if they come around i just might !
12 sweet , how about games ? do you play any ?	i use to back in the day .
13 i really like board games . how about you ?	i like playing scrabble . its fun .
1 partner's persona: i never broke a bone in my body ever in my life.
2 partner's persona: i only eat kosher.
3 partner's persona: i read twenty books a year.
4 partner's persona: i am a stunt double as my second job.
5 partner's persona: i was raised in a single parent household.
6 hi . i have a side job as a stunt devil .	wow ! i can somewhat relate ; i played college football .
7 cool ! i have never broken a bone , have you ?	i broke an ankle at a star wars convention . let the wookie win is a philosophy .
8 haha . i'll only eat kosher food . do you think chewie eats kosher food ?	i think chewie eats whatever he wants . do you like coffee ?
9 it was just me and my mom growing up and she liked coffee .	i run a blog where i report on different coffees . where did you grow up ?
10 west coast . i enjoying reading , ai read about two books a month .	cool ! i live in los angeles . i read , too ; mostly poetry and star wars fanfic .
11 do you like the new star wars movies ?	no . i think they are poorly written . how about you ?
12 copy of old ones . rogue one was good though .	i hated rogue one ; it was unnecessary and distracting , in my opinion .
13 at least it had some originality .	do you think so ?
1 partner's persona: on weekends i do live action roleplaying events.
2 partner's persona: i like donuts.
3 partner's persona: i drive a ford pinto.
4 partner's persona: i play a lot of call of duty.
5 my ford pinto is such a drag . it breaks down .	hello . how has your day been ?
6 it is awesome . i'm in a call of duty marathon .	that's very fun . love the game
7 i've eaten a dozen donuts before noon . i'm going to weigh a ton .	no you are not . donuts are healthy
8 if i eat too many i might turn into a donut .	haha . i'd love to see that
9 i like to do cosplay and dress up like action figures . maybe i'll be captain donut	i love music . do you
10 my favorite music is hammer time	my favorite music is taylor swift
11 look what you made me do .	what did i make you do
12 its a taylor swift song	oh yeah . i know that
1 partner's persona: i can drive a tractor.
2 partner's persona: i enjoy listening to classical music.
3 partner's persona: my sister is a pole dancer.
4 partner's persona: my favorite color is red.
5 partner's persona: i am a christian.
6 hello ! do you know of any good classical music shows next week ?	hi , i do not . i can see what is posted on the board at my school
7 that would be great . what are you studying ?	culinary arts , i want to be a pastry chef . do you like paella ?
8 i'm not sure , what is that ? i'm a farmer myself . love driving the tractor .	it is a fish stew with rice , very good . i can make it for you .
9 interesting , i'm not sure if i would like it . but i'll try !	i also love fish and chips , lol
10 yum . my sister often has those at her shows .	is she a chef or caterer ?
11 no , lol . she's a pole dancer in london . so fish and chips is a staple meal .	wow . how do you feel about that ? my brother would kill me .
12 being a christian , i don't condone her career choice .	maybe one day she will find another profession .
13 maybe . i hope she takes after me i love my job .	what do you do ? do you have any hobbies ?
1 partner's persona: i workout four hours a day.
2 partner's persona: gymnastics is my favorite sport.
3 partner's persona: i am a gold medalist olympian.
4 partner's persona: i love italian food and garlic bread.
5 partner's persona: my favorite color is yellow.
6 hi there how are you ?	ah , ok . getting ready for work in the morning . my bones hurt .
7 my body is aching also i workout regularly 4 hours a day but i do not know why	slow down . i'm 56 , and when you get to be my age , you stay hurting .
8 haha well gymnastics is my fave so lets hope so	i bet mom is proud . i carried my kids for 9 months , and they do not visit .
9 why not they should be glad you are still alive and well	they say its because i joined a group that role plays world domination .
10 well they should be happy that you are happy no matter what it is	thank you i think so too . do you work hun ?
11 i teach gymnastics at the y	i bet that's fun . i'm a house keeper now , but i painted for 20 years .
12 what kind of paintings ? i have a lot of art in my home	abstract . a lot of my paintings are in our local museum .
13 wow that's awesome you must be proud	i am . i miss painting but this arthritis is horrible .
1 partner's persona: my father used to work for home depot.
2 partner's persona: horror movies are my favorites.
3 partner's persona: i'm a stay at home dad.
4 partner's persona: i have a son who is in junior high school.
5 partner's persona: i spent a decade working in the human services field.
6 hello friend how are you	i am doing well and how are you
7 i ok enjoying this horror movie	yikes . i am relaxing with my dog trooper
8 awesome i love dogs too	do you have any ? mine is a black lab
9 no i don't but my son does	i am from colorado , what about you ?
10 i am in florida enjoying retirement	nice , anything exciting ? my enjoyment is rock climbing
11 your must be in good shape	i do like to stay active , i also enjoy hiking
12 i thinks i work too much kinda old now	i must be too cause i enjoy my activites in the spring more
13 should do some of those when i had the energy	do you enjoy coffee ? that always helps my energy
1 partner's persona: spiderman is my favorite.
2 partner's persona: l also love comic books.
3 partner's persona: i love cooking but i also enjoy fishing.
4 partner's persona: hey my name is larry and i'm a chef.
5 partner's persona: if i am not cooking in the kitchen then i am definitely on the water.
6 good morning ! how are you ?	pretty good and yourself ? i like to try different coffees as a hobby
7 great here ! just finished a cup of coffee .	wow that's good . i also played football in college
8 pretty cool ! i played volleyball in high school .	that's awesome . i like to read poetry . do you like poetry ?
9 yes i also like comedies .	i am also a star wars fan !
10 same here , but super man is my favorite comic	nice superman dc comics huh .
11 yep but my son is a batman fan !	so is my kid , as well as spider man
12 do you like to do anything deer hunting	no i don't deer hunt .
13 well nothing wrong with that .	yeah , well what about you ?
1 partner's persona: i am a woman.
2 partner's persona: i'm married.
3 partner's persona: i enjoy sports such as running.
4 partner's persona: my favorite color is blue.
5 hi , there ! phew , i am out of breath !	hi there . why are you out of breath ? exercising ?
6 i love to run . just got finished .	do you run on the road or track ? i , personally , love the treadmill .
7 i run through town . as a woman , i carry pepper spray !	why not use the treadmill or a rowing machine ? or maybe get a dog
8 sometimes my husband goes with me . i like the outdoors .	so , do you enjoy eating too ? my love of eating is why i exercise .
9 yes ! eating right now !	i've the horrible habit of eating when i am bored .
10 other sports are enjoyable to me as well .	i go to the gym all the time but never played sports . what do you play ?
11 i run , walk , play baseball . the sky is so blue ! and i love blue !	do you have any pets ? i've two dogs . golden retrievers . sam and max .
12 a horse that i ride . i enjoy that as well .	is it hard to take care of a horse ?
1 partner's persona: i don't believe in god.
2 partner's persona: i spend most of my time on facebook when i am not working.
3 partner's persona: i am overweight and unhappy.
4 partner's persona: my wife left me and took my children.
5 partner's persona: i work at a nursing home.
6 hey how are you doing today	hello , doing fine my name is mark and i work at home .
7 hi mark and money is always nice what you do for work	i've a trust fund and i like to workout and socialize every day .
8 that good went to doctor today i down to 350 pounds lost 20 so far	great , you need to try my gym do you date ?
9 i go on facebook and try to get a date it hard out there	yeah i never had a serious relationship .
10 that to bad since i take care of elderly i think that is a good quality	do you like dogs and cats ? how about popcorn ?
11 no animals and yes i do . i like all kinds of food and will eat and eat	its raining where i am in alabama .
12 how you like alabama and rain must be nice	it a great place to live
13 well that good most people do not understand when i cant pray	praying is a large part of my life
1 partner's persona: i love spending money.
2 partner's persona: i am high maintenance.
3 partner's persona: i like to tan in tanning beds.
4 partner's persona: i love listening to britney spears.
5 partner's persona: i diet a lot.
6 hello ! my name is sarah , how are you ?	hey i am doing well . how are you doing ?
7 i am great ! i just bought these new shoes , i look fabulous !	that's awesome . i love shoes that's one of my favorite things to shop for
8 always shopping time ! i hate carrying the bags around , someone else should do it .	lol i like carts . i also like watches . i sell watches for a living
9 i bought a cute watch the other day ! same one britney spears has !	that is cool . i bet you love it
10 i love anything britney spears , her music is amazing !	i understand . i want a rolls royce ghost car
11 i want a red punch bug car ! so cute !	those are very cute
12 what else do you like doing ?	shopping , and defending my career to my family
13 oh no . does the family not like what you do ?	no they disagree about my boss he is a watch dealer
1 partner's persona: my friends are all skateboarders.
2 partner's persona: i have a broken arm.
3 partner's persona: i'm a skateboarder.
4 partner's persona: my favourite skater is rob dryden.
5 hey how are you doing today ?	i'm well , just watching hockey . do you watch sports ?
6 x games and hockey is nice	cool . i live in a rural area and have to stay busy . where do you live ?
7 portland in so much pain . busy is nice . what you do for work .	i'm a farmer . what about you .
8 what you farm and just a kid with big dreams	a rural farm with a lot of land .
9 that good hard for me to type	it is hard , buy my dog keeps me company . do you have dogs ?
10 no pets typing with one hand bare with me	i am patient . life is pretty slow out here .
11 just want to skate and now i learning how to relax sleep is good	well if you need a break think about vacationing in a rural community .
12 will have to travel there sometime till than i got dreams	pursue your dreams now while you are young .
1 partner's persona: i have light skin with big brown eyes.
2 partner's persona: my main transportation is my motorbike.
3 partner's persona: i waitress during the day to supplement my income.
4 partner's persona: its red with blue stripe so it shiny when i race.
5 hi there how are you doing this evening ?	hi , sitting here with my three dogs watching the olympics !
6 nice i don't want to go back to work i am a waitress	i love being in a polyamorous open relationship !
7 iol well i wish i was brave enough to do that	my father was a salesman , helps my dog walking business now
8 that is nice i have a motorbike do not know what car to get for winter	very very cool . sounds fun
9 yes i had them put red with blue stripes to be shinny for when racing	so is my dog , wow so cool
10 so what do you do in your spare time ?	lead singer for a band , music teacher
11 wow nice are you really good ?	millions of plays on soundcloud
12 really would you share or are you shy	ha ha i am so shy
1 partner's persona: i'm a 56 year old woman.
2 partner's persona: i've two grown children who never visit.
3 partner's persona: i used to be a painter but now i am a housekeeper.
4 partner's persona: i used to be pretty but time has not been kind.
5 hi how are you doing today ?	i'm doing good . sitting here with my two dogs that i live with how bout u
6 i'm alright . just resting my blistered feet after cleaning houses all day .	i'm sorry about your feet . do you have a massager
7 no i've no massager , if my selfish children ever visited maybe they would get me one .	oh my gosh , if i lived closer i would let you borrow mines .
8 that is very nice of you . you are kind .	thank you . i know about being on feet all day so i know how you feel .
9 you must be a hard worker too . i used to be a painter . what do you do ?	i'm in the gym regulary as a trainer
10 i'm beyond gyms . i'm a 56 year old lady .	oh wow , you can still get in the gym i train older ladies ?
11 i do not think you can train me . time hasn't been kind . i limp around .	lol i understand , i love doing the treadmill and my rowing machine
12 i used to be pretty . now i look like someone hobbled me .	you still look awesome . don't worry about it
13 thank you darling . god bless you	thank you ma am same to you have a nice day
1 partner's persona: i love playing softball.
2 partner's persona: i recently was fired and had to get a new job.
3 partner's persona: my mom passed away when i was young.
4 partner's persona: i work in the insurance business.
5 hello . my career is in the insurance industry .	hello . i'm into software and web development
6 i recently had to find a new position because my company fired me .	sorry to hear that .
7 that's okay i still enjoy playing softball with old coworkers !	cool . i like playing board games like chess
8 neat . what is your family like ?	father , mother , 5 siblings . mum was a teacher . what of yours ?
9 my mother died when i was growing up .	sorry to hear that . i guess it was challenging for you growing up
10 it was . do you have any hobbies ?	yes . i play guitar and piano . and you ?
11 softball is probably my favorite hobby .	nice . do you play a lot of it at the beach ?
12 no . haha . mostly in a baseball diamond .	ok . have you ever attended a music concert ?
1 partner's persona: a already have a step children.
2 partner's persona: i just moved into my first home.
3 partner's persona: i work at a school.
4 partner's persona: i recently moved to this country.
5 partner's persona: i'm expecting triplets in three months.
6 hello , how are you doing ?	great , how are you ? i just finished watching one of my favorite documentaries . do you enjoy those ?
7 i'm doing great , just tired . i just am unpacking boxes . i do not watch tv often .	did you just move ? i live here in pennsylvania with my husband .
8 yes , i bought my first house . i love pennsylvania , a lot of hills and very green .	good for you and congratulations on your new home !
9 thank you ! so what do you do for work ?	i just started working as a personal assistant about three months ago . how about you ?
10 that sounds fun , i'm a teacher at the public school .	shaping you minds . that's a noble profession !
11 i agree it is definitely very rewarding	i try to finish reading a new book every week . do you read for fun ?
12 that is a good goal . i love reading , i just cannot find a good book lately .	there are 3 new harry potter books coming out this month . i'm so excited !
13 i've actually never read those , i really should ! my step daughter loves them !	i recommend them ! maybe you could borrow one from your stepdaughter ?
1 partner's persona: my dream in life is to work from home.
2 partner's persona: i faint at the sight of blood.
3 partner's persona: i dye my hair every three months.
4 partner's persona: i went to school to be a veterinarian but hated it.
5 how are you doing today	doing well hanging out in manhattan where i grew up and you ?
6 i am just dying my hair again	ah very cool . what color if i may ask ?
7 green like slime it is different	i want to die mine but my wealthy parents will not let me .
8 why will they not let you	it is a no go for them . very wealthy bankers want me to look good .
9 that wouldn't be fun	i am headed to business school next year too . gotta look the part .
10 how much will that cost	i already have a yale finance degree got it in 2011
11 you must like to go to school	ya . i enjoy it especially since my very wealthy parents pay for it .
12 that would have been nice	where did you grow up ?
1 partner's persona: i own a cat and a dog.
2 partner's persona: i am a party animal.
3 partner's persona: i am deathly afraid of heights.
4 partner's persona: i help out at the food bank occasionally.
5 hello how are you doing today ?	i'm good ! i'm at trabajo . that's spanish for work .
6 nice . . . i love spanish food	me too ! i've been writing some songs in spanish too .
7 i was trying to work on my roof	i can study french while you work on the roof . just stop yelling .
8 roof is way to high for me . nice that you study french .	are you afraid of heights ? i study many languages . spanish and french currently .
9 yes am afraid of heights and great to hear you love languages	you should get to trabajo on tackling your fear of heights .
10 you feel that would help me ?	yes ! imagine all the things you could do that you avoid now ?
11 yes i could just imagine that , you love dogs and cats ?	i sure do . gatos y perros . do you have many pets ?
12 1 dog and 2 russian blue cats	oh wow . those cats are expensive . does your dog like them ?
1 partner's persona: i drive a bmw.
2 partner's persona: my parents are very wealthy bankers.
3 partner's persona: i grew up in manhattan.
4 partner's persona: i graduated from yale in 2011 with a degree in finance.
5 partner's persona: i plan to go to business school next year.
6 hey there , jefferson here , i have a bmw	hi jefferson , i love bmws i have one too .
7 are your parents bankers as well ?	no they're not , they like playing golf .
8 oh . we cannot play much gulf here in manhattan	i would love to visit manhattan .
9 it is fun , i want to go to business school next year .	that sounds nice . i enjoy stocks .
10 really . we learned about stocks in yale .	you must come from a good family .
11 i do , my parents are very wealthy .	that s awesome , what do they do for work .
12 they work as big bankers .	that s cool , is that what you wanna do as well ?
13 yes i think that is what i will be doing .	best of luck to you in business .
1 partner's persona: i have never been out of ohio.
2 partner's persona: my favorite food is pizza with black olives.
3 partner's persona: my favorite band is the who.
4 partner's persona: i have a cat named spook.
5 how are you doing today	great ! i just finished my morning walk . how are you ?
6 i am doing great . spook is fine too .	who is spook again ? i forgot .
7 my cat . he is my favorite	glad he is well . kids and i leave for disneyland in two weeks !
8 have you ever been there before	yes , this is my tenth time . i love the place , especially mickey mouse .
9 wow you have been there a lot	what are your plans for this week ?
10 i'll probably order a pizza	my kids love pizza . sometimes that is all i've time to fix after work .
11 it is definitely an easy meal	yes , and i have time to relax and read a book before i hit the sack .
12 what do you do for work	i work as a labor and delivery nurse . very demanding job , but exciting .
1 partner's persona: my dream car is a rolls royce ghost.
2 partner's persona: i often shop for shoes and watches.
3 partner's persona: i currently work for a watch dealer.
4 partner's persona: i like shopping.
5 partner's persona: my family doesn't support my career choices.
6 how are you doing today	hi , i am doing great , what about you ?
7 i am great . what is your favorite watch	i do not use a watch because i like to work with my hands , i like gardening
8 what do you do for work	i work as a clown , this helps me to overcome my childhood trauma with clowns
9 what was that like ? when you were little	kind of different because an older couple adopted me when i was young
10 that must have been interesting	yes , they love me . my dad even tries to set me up on blind dates
11 that does not sound fun	well , he's trying to do what he thinks is good for me
12 it sounds like he cares	yes , he does , but it could be annoying sometimes
13 parents can be like that	what do you do for a living ?
1 partner's persona: i live in the cloud.
2 partner's persona: i've superpowers.
3 partner's persona: i like to make time stop.
4 partner's persona: i'm very lonely.
5 how are you doing today	i am doing great and how are you ?
6 well the clouds are kind of dim	it is raining here today and cool .
7 do you have powers too	i have power and so does the school i work at .
8 what is your best power	my power is mutli tasking with quick response .
9 can you fly as well	no , can you ? i am young so i have not got that skill yet .
10 it is the most wonderful things	sounds like it . i'm flying by plane soon .
11 so you can fly ? i am so glad	i am getting married soon !
12 that sounds great . do they have powers ?	he thinks he does , but i'm not sure yet !
1 partner's persona: i only eat kosher.
2 partner's persona: i read twenty books a year.
3 partner's persona: i'm a stunt double as my second job.
4 partner's persona: i was raised in a single parent household.
5 hi , want to be friends	i'm four i eat chocolate candy a lot
6 i eat candy and chocolate a lot too . do you ride a bike ?	i enjoy looking at blocks and singing about letters
7 like the alphabet ? my mom used to sing that to me	i do not ride a bike because when i talk people do not understand
8 someday they will . do you like to look at books ?	yes , the alphabet . that is really sweet
9 she was a single mom . she taught me a lot	i look at blocks , too young for books
10 you'll love them soon . books are an adventure	yes , i am gonna be 5 soon . big guy here
11 that is awesome , keep learning and hang in there	thank you so much i hope your dreams come true
12 thank you . i am doing okay	good life is what you make of it
1 partner's persona: i enjoy sports such as running.
2 partner's persona: i am married.
3 partner's persona: i'm a vegetarian.
4 partner's persona: i am a woman.
5 partner's persona: my favorite color is blue.
6 hi , do you like sports ? i like to run .	no . i prefer to spend my time on facebook . do you like the facebook ?
7 facebook is nice . i like to post my relationship status there , which is married .	i am fat so nobody will marry me .
8 eat a vegetarian diet . i do and i am thin . do you like vegetables	i like vegetables when they're coated in fried dough
9 i am a lady who watches her figure . what is your favorite color ?	my favorite color does not exist . what is yours ?
10 that's weird . mine is blue .	i am a weird lady who doesn't believe in god . blue is pretty , though .
11 me either . i like to watch sports . do you watch any ?	i watch cricket and olympic potato throwing . what is your favorite sport ?
12 running . cricket reminds me of baseball .	crickets are a type of arthropod .
13 they are also high in protein . entomology is the future .	when are we done with this
1 partner's persona: i enjoy listening to classical music.
2 partner's persona: my sister is a pole dancer.
3 partner's persona: i can drive a tractor.
4 partner's persona: i am a christian.
5 partner's persona: my favorite color is red.
6 hello how are you today ?	i'm well . how are you ?
7 i am doing pretty good today	that's good . what do you do in your free time ?
8 i like to party hard and stuff	that's cool . i like to jam with my friends whenever we get together
9 do you have a fav color ?	no , but my favorite word in spanish is trabajo . do you ?
10 i love red , reminds me of summer time .	because its a warm color ?
11 maybe , i've a best friend	me and my best friend like to practice speaking spanish together .
12 i make hot dogs for a living .	i accompany musicals for a living . does making hot dogs pay well ?
13 it is better than my sister pole dancing	yeah . that's why i'm glad to do something i love for a living
1 partner's persona: i'm a blonde girl with really short hair.
2 partner's persona: i love wearing skinny jeans and leggings.
3 partner's persona: my favorite shirts are band shirts and ruffle sleeves.
4 partner's persona: my favorite hobbies are listening to music and playing video games.
5 partner's persona: i am rather skinny as i like to stay in shape.
6 first timer here . not really sure what to do since i'm a blonde girl	new here too . just doing this while hanging out with my family .
7 sorry that took so long it did not like what i said	that is ok . so what do you do for fun ?
8 play video games and listen to music . how about you	read books and figure out our next trip to disneyland !
9 fun place ! what do you look like ?	brown hair , pretty average . scrubs during the day since i work in a maternity ward .
10 scrubs are comfy but i really like my leggings and band shirts	that sounds more cozy . what is your favorite band ?
11 i am young but i love old stuff , eagles , beatles , acdc	i am old but i still like young stuff like mickey mouse .
12 hey nothing with with the mouse !	i keep getting older , he keeps staying the same age !
13 his whole gang does . and what is with pluto ? what is he any way ?	it must be so depressing to be the pet dog of a dog !
1 partner's persona: i enjoy sports such as running.
2 partner's persona: i am a woman.
3 partner's persona: i'm a vegetarian.
4 partner's persona: i am married.
5 partner's persona: my favorite color is blue.
6 hello , how are you doing today ?	good , just listening to some death metal . how are you ?
7 great ! i just ran 10 miles . i enjoy being active , especially on the weekends .	wow ! i too like to stay active and am the swim coach at my local pool !
8 that is so awesome . i love pools , the blue hue from the water is so relaxing .	yes , my family and i are from india so we enjoy the beach as well !
9 do you spend a lot of family time ? my husband wants children someday .	yes , except my mother is very traditional and i prefer to be more free spirited
10 what are some indian traditions that you value ?	i value the authentic cuisine and holidays
11 are there specific dishes that are vegetarian ? i'd love to try it someday .	yes , my favorite is broccoli and tofu in a garlic sauce . yum !
12 sounds delicious ! how is it made ?	i usually marinate it in a wok but it can be cooked many different ways
13 what is your favorite indian dish ?	my favorite is chicken tikka masala
1 partner's persona: i live in a house.
2 partner's persona: i like to eat hamburgers and french fries.
3 partner's persona: i don't drink soda.
4 partner's persona: i have a boyfriend.
5 hey there , hows it going	good , hello how are you today ?
6 i'm doing pretty well , bout to eat	i just got through playing softball
7 that is one of the sports i was never good at	i need a job , i got fired today
8 i just started my new one two days ago , haven't worked in 4 months	i'm going to sell insurance now
9 that sounds like it will pay well	i really do hope so
10 what is your favorite food ?	i like taco bell a lot , you ?
11 oh i love taco bell , don't get me started ! i'm settling for a hamburger now	right , those are the best
12 well , i work at what a burger now , so i have a feeling i won't like them	can i have a discount on burgers ?
1 partner's persona: i go to the gym most days just to socialize.
2 partner's persona: i work from home.
3 partner's persona: i watch too much tv in spare time.
4 partner's persona: i have never had a steady relationship.
5 partner's persona: i like to spend my money on cars.
6 hello ! how has your day been ?	hi . i hope you are having a great day . mine has been awesome .
7 i'm watching nfl football	i'm too . the cleveland browns are my favorite team .
8 ha . i think i just talked to you	did you tell me that they were not very good ?
9 yes . i am a giants fan	cool . i like eli manning .
10 i think he's too old to play now	yeah . he's getting up there like payton .
11 i know . who even is the browns quarterback now	kizer . he actually is pretty good .
12 i know . i liked him at dame	well all things considered . he is still a brown though . sigh .
13 haha . chargers just safety . rivers dropped the snap	green from cincy is blowing it up
1 partner's persona: i am an animal activist.
2 partner's persona: my age is too old to say.
3 partner's persona: i spend my time bird watching with my cats.
4 partner's persona: i have rainbow hair.
5 is it nice outside today ?	it is . but being active outdoors is becoming difficult .
6 i am not active but love watching birds from indoors	i like looking out the window of my first home i just bought .
7 congratulations ! i look out with my cats . . .	in three months i will no longer have time as i am expecting .
8 why do you say that ?	i am expecting triplets . they will take up lots of time .
9 that sounds like a busy house !	very much so . is it just you and your cats in your home ?
10 yes it is just us now . i'm very old	does us mean you have a spouse ?
11 no me and my cats	that makes sense now . sorry for my misunderstanding .
12 that is okay . i spend time supporting animal rights now	how many cats do you have ?
1 partner's persona: i'm currently in high school.
2 partner's persona: i make straight as in school.
3 partner's persona: when i grow up i want to be a physical therapist.
4 partner's persona: i won homecoming queen this year.
5 partner's persona: my current goal is to run a k.
6 hey there , i am working up to run a 10k .	wow sounds cool , i wish i could run , i am a language student .
7 i'm a senior and we won the homecoming game and i was crowned queen .	i just finished learning spanish and i'm going to learn french now .
8 you in college ? i have all as and i can go about anywhere .	my favorite word in spanish is trabajo
9 you in college ? i have all as and i can go about anywhere .	interesting , please tell me more
10 that means i work right ? i want to be a physical therapist .	good job ! i only study languages but please tell me more interesting things about yourself
11 i will get a brand new car for graduation . i want a mustang .	i like camaro better , bumble bee baby !
12 a camero would be okay but i like my dads mustang a lot .	no way , my dad also has a mustang
13 that's way cool . it must be a dads car .	well hey , what can i say ?
1 partner's persona: i own two vintage mustangs.
2 partner's persona: my favorite music is country.
3 partner's persona: i like to go to country concerts on weekends.
4 partner's persona: i like to work on vintage cars.
5 hi , how are you doing today ?	i'm doing quite well thank you . how about yourself ?
6 not too bad . just watching zoo .	i don't own a television , i prefer meditation .
7 nice . enjoy listening to country music .	very nice . where are you from ? i am living in alaska currently .
8 never been to alaska . i live in nebraska .	it is very beautiful . i recently quit my job so i can focus on my spirituality .
9 wow , i bet alaska is very beautiful .	it is very desolate here , i enjoy the tranquility .
10 do you have any hobbies ?	i like to garden and fish , how about you ?
11 i enjoy working on my two vintage cars in my spare time .	nice , i like cars but i no longer own one .
1 partner's persona: my parents aren't very supportive of my dream.
2 partner's persona: i also work as a custodian to help pay the bills.
3 partner's persona: i play the piano and guitar and sing.
4 partner's persona: i am a musician and hope to make it big some day.
5 hello , do you like music ? i play the miano and guitar ! also i sing !	that is nice i wish i played an instrument
6 i can teach you , i am a musician and a music teacher !	that is cool i don't like my job
7 i work as a custodian , helping to pay the bills . what is your job ?	i have a job in a nursing home
8 ah yeah my parents are not supporting my dream to become a musician	maybe if you build up a following you'll be able to do that full time
9 i really wish they would accept it , but they keep telling me to get a real job .	yeah its hard when you aren't making money
10 i hope i'll make it big one day then i'll show them they're wrong	that's a good goal do you have a family
11 yeah i got my mother and father and a boyfriend .	is your boyfriend supportive of your music
12 yes he's supportive ! do you have any dreams ?	i really want to try and lose weight but i have no motivation
1 partner's persona: i love to drink fancy tea.
2 partner's persona: i'm partly deaf.
3 partner's persona: i grow roses in my garden.
4 partner's persona: i am a museum tour guide.
5 partner's persona: i've a big library at home.
6 hello , how are you doing tonight ?	good ! just finished preparing my yacht for the airbnb guests this week .
7 well that sure does sound amazing .	i'm sure they will love it . it is good income . do you cook ? i love food .
8 yes , but nothing fancy . i'm more involved in fancy teas and growing roses in my garden .	ohh i like tea too ! i try all kinds of thing when i travel around the world .
9 i can imagine . i don't travel too much . i am slightly deaf .	you can still travel . you would be surprised , the deaf community is strong abroad .
10 yes , i just need to get over my anxiety about it .	i completely understand having anxiety about it . find a travel companion !
11 i think i will do that ! i meet many people at the museum where i work .	i do not know many people . my money and age make it hard to find friends .
12 that sounds like a lonely life . you need to find humble friends .	not as easy as it sounds . at 23 most people my age are in college still .
13 yes , true . well , possibly you could act poor and see the honest people you attract .	true ! i should try that . i wish i would have thought about that myself !
1 partner's persona: i like to eat chocolate candy.
2 partner's persona: i like to look at blocks and sing about letters.
3 partner's persona: i like to talk but people have a hard time understanding.
4 partner's persona: when i grow up i want to be a dog.
5 partner's persona: i am four years old.
6 hello , how are you today ?	i am great . just got done with my run . and you ?
7 i am good , i love to eat chocolate !	me too ! i do not eat any meat though
8 why not ? i am 4 years old	my husband says that it isn't healthy for us .
9 oh that isn't true , but when i am older i am going to be a dog	wow ! a dog ? i am wearing a blue shirt . my favorite color !
10 that's incredible ! i sing the letters on the blocks i play with	that's awesome ! i love watching sports .
11 yeah me too ! i love the new york giants !	i love watching college track ! running is the best !
12 that is so boring ! i've difficulty understanding people	why ? i was married two years ago !
13 because i'm only 4 years ol	and you want to grow up to be a dog ? i want to eat meat .
1 partner's persona: i enjoy exploring new parts of the city.
2 partner's persona: my father played violin professionally.
3 partner's persona: i volunteer at the homeless shelter.
4 partner's persona: i play several instruments.
5 hi , want to get to know each other ?	yes , please ! what do you like to do as a hobby ?
6 i like music . my father taught me to play a lot of instruments	well , i sure as well know to play chess !
7 that is one thing i never learned .	it is a pretty interesting game .
8 maybe i will learn . usually i spend my free time volunteering with the homeless	ahh , well , how old are you ?
9 23 , you ? i sometimes barely feel like an adult	i am around the age of 35 .
10 do you live in the city ? i enjoy new york	i actually live outside manhattan
11 i love to explore the city .	do you drink a lot ?
12 no . i get scared off of that stuff since working with addicts	same . alcohol isn't my forte .
1 partner's persona: i love dogs.
2 partner's persona: i live in alabama.
3 partner's persona: i've one brother.
4 partner's persona: i like tacos.
5 what is your favorite food ? ! i vigorously enjoy tacos .	all food . i am trying to find a job at a restaurant .
6 i would only work at a restaurant that serves tacos . they have them all over in alabama .	is travis scott from al ? he is my favorite artist .
7 i've never heard of him . let me ask my older brother .	my older sister doesn't know anything .
8 hold on let me ask my dogs too .	i should ask my mother since she's a dentist .
9 hold on a sec , i went to go ask my dogs and they just started pooping everywhere .	do you enjoy basketball ? i really enjoy playing it as well as watching it .
10 i jeez maybe i should not be feeding my dogs tacos .	maybe your dogs do not like travis scott . lol
11 oh god there is poop everywhere . it is in my eyes .	i will ask my mother if she knows any good optometrists .
1 partner's persona: i enjoy mowing my lawn on sunny days.
2 partner's persona: i have been retired for a years.
3 partner's persona: i go gambling in my spare time.
4 partner's persona: i like to grill outdoors.
5 partner's persona: i move south during the winter.
6 is it sunny enough outside for yard work ?	it is too rainy here . i was planning to go to the park
7 is that what you do in your spare time ? i enjoy grilling .	yes , i've not been able to go as i'm job hunting though
8 i could grill up what you hunt ! i do enjoy gambling as well .	haha i am hunting for a job not for animals !
9 i see ! i haven't worked in many years , i could hunt too .	i'm a surgeon but am moving for my daughter so need a new job
10 oh wow ! you are very busy . how old is your daughter ?	12 she's a child prodigy for chess
11 i could learn a thing or two from her then . did you teach her ?	yes she got her math skills from me
12 i think the reason i'm decent at gambling is because i'm good at math .	yes that would make sense
13 where do you live ? i travel to south america often .	i live in north california
1 partner's persona: i visit europe twice a year.
2 partner's persona: i've a weakness for fish and chips.
3 partner's persona: i am an art major in college.
4 partner's persona: i love to cook paella.
5 i love to travel to europe and go twice a year	wow are you a rich person ?
6 well its more like i save income to do it .	dang , you must be good a saving . i did build a house in italy once
7 well not to bad . majored art in college .	i work construction , my father taught me all my skills
8 awesome . my weakness for food is fish and chips .	i do love that as well . you have any pets ?
9 no pets do no have time but do have time to cook paella	i've a few cats that i love . what is paella ?
10 how many is a few ?	three , how long would it take 3 cats to eat paella ?
11 i don't know 2 maybe ?	wow , does it have shell fish in it though ?
12 no it doesn't have any fish in it	no clams even ? thank goodness
1 partner's persona: i grow roses in my garden.
2 partner's persona: i am partly deaf.
3 partner's persona: i am a museum tour guide.
4 partner's persona: i have a big library at home.
5 hello ! tell me about yourself .	i am driving my honda civic 2015
6 what ? you'll have to speak up , i cannot hear in one ear .	are you listening to music
7 no , i am reading in my home library while staring at my roses in the garden .	i do producing music for some artists
8 do you like it ? i am a tour guide in a museum .	i am in to rap music
9 i'm too old to appreciate it .	how about pizza do you like it
10 i love pizza ! i get mine with olives .	charlie loves those , my pet
11 what kind of animal is he ?	dog , he really likes it though
12 he likes what , pizza ? he knows what is good !	haha really , that s the truth
1 partner's persona: i like to spend my money on cars.
2 partner's persona: i work from home.
3 partner's persona: i go to the gym most days just to socialize.
4 partner's persona: i've never had a steady relationship.
5 hi , how are you today ?	great , my dog just won his agility class ! you ?
6 that's great i just got another car !	nice ! i hope it isn't orange , i hate orange .
7 no , this one is black , do you go to the gym ?	no , because they all wear fashionable workout wear . i think fashion is dumb .
8 i go almost daily just to talk to people	you don't workout ? i work in a bookstore , my mother is dissapointed .
9 i workout . i work out of my house so it is fine with my parents	oh , i see . my parents kicked me out because i am not using my chemistry degree .
10 i don't live at home , mine would like if i was married tho	are you dating ? i've a tough time dating considering the time with my dog .
11 i've never had a long term relationship	i'm sorry , but you'll .
12 hopefully , what is going on with your dog	i do agility classes with him . we travel to different competitions .
1 partner's persona: i don't have a smartphone.
2 partner's persona: i'm retired and living the great life.
3 partner's persona: i have amazing children and grandchildren.
4 partner's persona: i had cancer but its gone now.
5 hello there ! i am reginald , or reggie if you prefer . how are you today ?	howdy , hey ! i am pretty good
6 that is great . i'm doing good as well . the grandkids are coming over later	that sounds awesome . i'm just washing my cars and my dogs on my day off .
7 oh , i like dogs ! what type do you have ?	german shepard named luke and a pit bull named duke
8 should have named bo haha , dunno if you are old enough to get that reference	i am and actually thought about that , but i am a mustang man myself
9 ahhh , that's great , nothing like cruising with the top down on a nice day	oh i agree , got two vintage mustangs . they are my babies
10 so , it is your day off , huh ? what do you do ?	construction worker , it is good honest work
11 oh , yes , that it is ! pays pretty good too !	very much so , good chatting with you
1 partner's persona: i work from home.
2 partner's persona: i like to spend my money on cars.
3 partner's persona: i watch too much tv in spare time.
4 partner's persona: i have never had a steady relationship.
5 partner's persona: i go to the gym most days just to socialize.
6 good evening . how are you ?	hey there , i'm doing well , and you ?
7 doing ok . watching way to much television tonight .	i usually binge something in the background
8 same here as i work out of the house .	i wish i could find a good job like that ,
9 they're out there you just gotta do a lot of searching .	most of them are call based , and i have a hearing disability
10 you should look into this thing i found called amazon turk .	well , that's about it . not enough to live on
11 depends on what the requesters offer .	either way , not enough to live on . do you have any animals ?
12 i don't . i go to the fitness center but mostly to socialize .	i've four cats and a puppy , they are my everything
13 i should get a cat . i don't really have steady relationships .	they're so much more worth it than a relationship
1 partner's persona: i want to be a lawyer.
2 partner's persona: i am from a small town.
3 partner's persona: i was raised on a horse farm.
4 partner's persona: i dream of moving to the city.
5 partner's persona: my family has raised horses for a generations.
6 i live in a small time and i hope to become a lawyer	good goal i'm a dad at home with kids while the wife works
7 i grew up in a horse farm how about you ?	just the city for me , like now for my kids .
8 that is nice , i want to go into a city	i've 8 children , 7 are under 5 , and a son in jr hs
9 do you live in the city ? i am tired of horses in the farm	yes , and i love movies horror are my fav . you ?
10 you have so many kids , that is so nice	not all the time , trust me . lol
11 i love christian movies , it gives me hope	that's interesting . so what do you parents do ?
12 do you live in a big city ?	my mom is a cop and my dad used to work at home depot .
13 they raised horses and still do .	have you been tested for memory problems ?
1 partner's persona: my favorite band is the insane clown posse.
2 partner's persona: i like donuts.
3 partner's persona: i drive a ford pinto.
4 partner's persona: i play a lot of call of duty.
5 partner's persona: on weekends i do live action roleplaying events.
6 sup man how are you today	i'm good how are you ?
7 pretty good . chilling and listening to some music	nice ! the who is my favorite band
8 i really dig the insane clown posse . my dad listens to the who lol	lol , spook is the name of my cat
9 haha awesome ! do you play any video games ?	no , i spend all my time working at my local supermarket
10 oh wow that must suck	yeah it does , especially because i have never left the state of ohio
11 you should try some new experiences , man . life is short !	yeah i should , and some pizza because my favorite is black olives
12 now you are making me hungry . i might have some donuts !	lol , how good are boston creme donuts ?
13 i love every kind of donut , i can not pick a favorite	true , except the worst is old fashioned
1 partner's persona: i am a buddhist.
2 partner's persona: i quit my job to pursue my spirituality full time.
3 partner's persona: i like meditation.
4 partner's persona: i live in alaska.
5 is window shopping fun to do ?	yeah , but i prefer spending my time hiking and watch the sunset .
6 i just wanted to try it because my parents have no money to give me	i just got a pet fish for my 18th birthday yesterday from my parents .
7 my last birth day celebration was when am 3 years old .	you should celebrate more . what is your favorite color ? mine is orange !
8 my parents who adopted after losing my biological ones are poor .	ah i feel you , my boyfriend broke up with me two months ago and i am sad .
9 what reason did he give you for breaking up with you ?	he gave me no reason , he just left and didn't even text me !
10 sorry , think he isn't fit for you with his weird characters .	yeah he was weird , anyways i gotta go soon see ya !
11 okay god will make every thing alright for you	thank you , have a nice day , bye !
1 partner's persona: my mother is a dentist.
2 partner's persona: my favourite artist is travis scott.
3 partner's persona: i have one older sister.
4 partner's persona: i like playing basketball.
5 partner's persona: i'm currently looking for a job preferably at a restaurant.
6 hi ! do you know any restaurants hiring ?	hello ! i just went to this great italian place that needs servers .
7 perfect ! i will go apply . i might bring my sister too .	great ! what activities do you like to do outside of work ?
8 i like to listen to country music and play sports . you ?	i also love sports ! gymnastics is my favorite .
9 i prefer basketball . team sports are fun .	agreed . even though gymnastics is an individual event , it is a team sport .
10 that is true . my sister used to do gymnastics .	that is great ! i would love to talk to her about it sometime .
11 that would be awesome . you could come by the restaurant if you like italian .	great idea ! i love italian food , especially garlic bread .
12 me too ! we could split a basket !	definitely ! after a four hour workout , bring on the bread !
13 i'll need the carbs to have energy for basketball !	what position do you play ?
1 partner's persona: i like meditation.
2 partner's persona: i'm a buddhist.
3 partner's persona: i live in alaska.
4 partner's persona: i quit my job to pursue my spirituality full time.
5 good day to you ! it is a overcast day here in alaska .	hello ! i was just in alaska not too long ago .
6 it is a beautiful place to be . i came here not too long ago .	they're filming cliffhanger 2 and i was there briefly as a double .
7 my parents first movie together was cliffhanger ! i moved for a life change .	interesting . i did a small part but had to return to my day job .
8 i up and quit my jobs . i'm pursuing my spirituality full time . alaska rocks !	yes , it does . feed your body and mind well and you'll be strong !
9 yes ! i studied buddhism first before i practicing . i meditate daily .	i read a lot on meditation and religions . what will you study next ?
10 right now i should be learning how to survive winters here . not used to cold .	the food there's not as kosher as i would like it . try working out .
11 the food is taking getting used to . i do work out daily .	good . a strong body has always served me well in the stunt world .
1 partner's persona: i play several instruments.
2 partner's persona: my father played violin professionally.
3 partner's persona: i am a piano teacher on the side.
4 partner's persona: i enjoy exploring new parts of the city.
5 partner's persona: i volunteer at the homeless shelter.
6 hello , how are you tonight ?	i am good . about to go to basketball practice .
7 i don't like sports . i play six instruments .	wow , that's amazing . what are you doing tonight ?
8 getting ready to have dinner with my boyfriend .	i am going with my older sister to hear travis scott .
9 who is that ? i came back from the homeless shelter i volunteer at .	he's a music artist . that is nice of you to volunteer .
10 i teach some of them how to play piano . they welcome the structure .	i bet they do . my mom is a dentist and sometimes volunteers at the clinic .
11 very nice . my dad was a professional violinist .	so it is in your genes as they say .
12 it is . are you a dentist ?	no , i'm trying to find a job . i applied at some restaurants .
1 partner's persona: i am expecting twins in two months.
2 partner's persona: i just bought my first home.
3 partner's persona: i am an omnivore.
4 partner's persona: i work at a bank.
5 partner's persona: a already have a children.
6 i am so hungry i could eat anything .	me too , just got done feeding my horses and have some chili cooking
7 send me over a pot of that chili . eating for three here !	eating for three ? are you having twins ? !
8 you bet . the other tellers are throwing me a housewarming baby shower . come on over .	well i can certainly bring the chili then ! what part of the country you in ?
9 we are in georgia and my kids are out there chasing lightning bugs .	i'm in kentucky myself , so kind of far
10 would still be nice to have you over at the new house . you'll love it .	new house ? that's exciting . i live on a horse ranch
11 i have never been to a real horse ranch before . what is it like ?	i love riding so its great . have 3 arabians myself
12 do they have names and would you show my children how to ride ?	they do . siegfried , beowulf , and hector . and absolutely .
13 i'll have my hands full so anything to keep the older ones busy will be great	could always have them help me tend the fields , would keep them busy
1 partner's persona: i went to school to be a veterinarian but hated it.
2 partner's persona: i faint at the sight of blood.
3 partner's persona: my dream in life is to work from home.
4 partner's persona: i dye my hair every three months.
5 hello . how was your day	hello ! i'm well , how are you ?
6 i'm currently watching football	i'm watching birds with my cat . what your favorite football team ?
7 what are you up to ?	i am dying my hair different colors
8 what colors are you dying you re hair	red , blue , green , and yellow . i'm thinking purple too
9 what is your favorite color	i like rainbow colors , you ?
10 why is that your favorite	i do not have one
11 why do you not have one	i just do not have one
12 do you have any pets	no , i don't like having pet hair around
1 partner's persona: whats up i'm a 46 year old single dad 46 a kids.
2 partner's persona: i am a recording engineer and own my own studio.
3 partner's persona: i prefer being inside.
4 partner's persona: my ex cheated and left me for a lawyer.
5 partner's persona: i live in california but the recording artist market was dead last year.
6 hey there , how are you ?	i'm ok a bit hang over from party
7 i wish i could party , i am a little old for that	hey you never too old for party
8 when your single with kids , yes you are	just go out once in a while , who will love it
9 what do you do for a living ?	i work with a bitcoin company
10 that could be fun , i am a record engineer , i have my own studio	that great , i wish i could sing , would come to your studio
11 well , anyone can sing , lessons help	haha ! not me , not even in the bathroom
12 everyone thinks they sound better in the bathroom	my dog sing better than me lol
13 where are you from ? i'm in the california area	i'm from florida , california , awesome
1 partner's persona: i am here for shoplifting.
2 partner's persona: i'll be released in about a month.
3 partner's persona: i feel old.
4 partner's persona: i'm currently in a juvenile detention center.
5 hello how are u tonight i'm feeling like a old person	hi there . i'm well . why do you feel old ? i get pretty lonely
6 i am currently in juvenile detention center in florida	sorry to hear that . i like to try and make time stop
7 i got caught shoplifting clothing	hope you learned your lesson . i pretend to have super powers .
8 what superpower do u wish u had	if i could have any i'd have the power to heal
9 i get to go home in 30 days though so i'm happy	glad to hear that . life is like living in a cloud
10 yeah so where do u live	i am from chicago . but i don't like it much
11 oh i hear there is great pizza in chicago	like you'dn't believe . best pizza i've ever had is here .
12 i can't wait to be able to have real food once i get out	i bet . what will be the first thing you'll eat
1 partner's persona: i've a dogs.
2 partner's persona: i'm a woman.
3 partner's persona: i enjoy gardening and walking outdoors.
4 partner's persona: i work as a school teacher.
5 hello , i'm teaching at a school right now . how are you ?	teaching ? what grade ? i'm good just getting in my daily gym session .
6 9th graders . i'm a woman teacher .	well that's certainly interesting . almost lunch time , i only eat when i'm bored though .
7 i would be eating all the time then haha ! i am a gardener and hiker .	where do you like to hike ? the only hiking i do is on the treadmill .
8 i like hiking to dog parks with my dogs	ew , dogs ! don't like them , only thing in common is short hair !
9 ya i don't like dogs either . i prefer parrots .	parrots ? that is quite exotic , i only have time for the gym anymore .
10 sometimes i bring my parrots to the gym while i lift weights .	wow i have never heard of a gym that allows parrots , must be nice !
11 ya , they supply cages and smaller weights for the birds .	that's hard to imagine , all i can see is them pulling at my short hair .
12 you can buy little muzzles for them so they do not do that .	that right there is a brilliant idea , i'm going to make dinner now , i'm bored .
1 partner's persona: i listen to rap music.
2 partner's persona: my pets name is charlie.
3 partner's persona: i drive a 2015 honda civic.
4 partner's persona: my favourite food is pizza.
5 hi ! what is your favorite rap song ?	biggie smalls who shot ya ? hbu ?
6 i am a big kanye fan . jesus walks	i've not heard much rap yet because i just moved here . have you been here long ?
7 yes i am a true american who loves pizza	my first home is here . do your children like pizza too ?
8 i do not have any but charlie my puppy enjoys it	i have step children and am expecting triples in three months . what else do you like ?
9 wow ! that many kids would not fit in my honda civic .	that's a nice car . i drive an impala
10 what year ? mine is a 2015	mine is only a 2005 . its a little old
11 my puppy charlie would not mind as long as you put the window down for him	i used to have a dog . he always loved riding in cars too .
1 partner's persona: i don't have a smartphone.
2 partner's persona: i am retired and living the great life.
3 partner's persona: i had cancer but its gone now.
4 partner's persona: i can sew my own clothes.
5 hello , how are you tonight ?	i am well . how is the evening going for you ?
6 it is going okay , i am in remission so every day is a blessing .	that is great news ! how long have you been in remission ?
7 six years now . i taught myself to sew when i was diagnosed .	my father had cancer a few years ago . he's an avid sewer as well .
8 very cool . what does he sew ? i like to do costumes .	he sews quilts and in my spare time i sew as well .
9 i love to quilt , i don't do as much as i would like .	that is too bad . i grew up in new york and needed warmth from quilts . .
10 i've never been to new york , is it very cold there ?	yes it can be , thankfully i left and went to school at yale .
11 i'm retired from the air force .	cool ! i have graduated from yale and looking forward to business school soon .
12 that's nice you are going to school . i take classes here and there .	school is important to me and my parents especially since i'm just starting out .
1 partner's persona: i won a gold medal in the 1992 olympics.
2 partner's persona: my favorite season is winter.
3 partner's persona: i love cats and have two cats.
4 partner's persona: i have a weakness for vanilla ice cream.
5 hi there , how are you ?	hi ! i am great ! how are you ?
6 not too bad . hanging with my cats tonight .	i have some candy , do you want to share ?
7 candy is okay , but i love vanilla ice cream .	do your cats like candy ?
8 i'm not sure ! haha	i like ice cream too , i like everything frozen .
9 what do you do for a living ?	what games do your cats like to play ?
10 they like to chase laser pointers .	do you have a job ?
11 i am a former olympian , actually .	wow ! what sport did you do ?
12 i was an ice skater .	i love ice skating . i went ice skating with minnie mouse last year at disneyworld .
1 partner's persona: i play ping pong.
2 partner's persona: i love chocolate bars.
3 partner's persona: i play the violin and the guitar.
4 partner's persona: i speak chinese.
5 partner's persona: my father is an electrician.
6 good morning ! how are you ?	hi there . how are you ? what do you do for a living ?
7 i like to play my violin and my sweet guitar ! how about you ? lol	i went to school to be a veterinarian . i hated it though .
8 i feel that . i can speak a lot of languages , especially chinese !	sweet . why did you learn so many languages ?
9 my father , who is an electrician , knows a lot of languages from his experience around the world .	except in video games . i have never been out of the united states .
10 what is your opinion on chocolate bars ? i love them haha	i love chocolate bars . almost as much as i like rpgs
11 i play a few rpgs , but in my spare time i enjoy ping pong too !	i play rpgs all the time . i have a bit of an internet addiction .
12 i am in college , so i feel the same sometimes .	i've this dream of getting a job where i can work from home .
13 is there any rpgs that you think could let you do that ? haha	no . unfortunately . i've tried to figure out a way to make a living at games .
1 partner's persona: now i live in the united states.
2 partner's persona: my aunt helped me escape when i was of.
3 partner's persona: i was born in somalia.
4 partner's persona: i was forced to marry when i was a.
5 partner's persona: i like to dance.
6 hello ! how is your day going ?	good . my job rocks . i pump gas !
7 nice ! what do you do after work ? i like dancing .	i watch movies . but not it . clowns terrify me
8 sorry to hear . i used to live in fear before i came to the united states .	if you are afraid of something bury it in the garden
9 wish i could . born and bred in somalia , where i was forced to marry as a kid .	are you married . i am single and always get set up on blind dates ,
10 not yet . i need some time to get over my ordeal .	i'm adopted . my parents are very old .
11 my parents were mean . so my aunt assisted with my escape when i was 13 .	i'm going to the circus tonight . i hope the lions eat the clowns
12 what ? that'sn't very good , you know !	i am afraid of clowns so the jaws of lions can save me
13 i don't like lions very much . they kill people .	then i can shake hands with them , and thank them for the service
1 partner's persona: i'm a baby delivery nurse.
2 partner's persona: i love to spend time with my family.
3 partner's persona: i walk three miles every day.
4 partner's persona: my favorite way to relax is to read a book.
5 partner's persona: i love disneyland and mickey mouse.
6 i just finished reading a book , i am pretty relaxed , how are you ?	hello . great . i am playing ping pong .
7 i love ping pong , sometimes i play with my family together .	cool . i eat chocolate bars while playing . i love those too .
8 i can not eat chocolate anymore , i started walking everyday trying to stay fit .	are you bilingual ? i know a lot of chinese .
9 i got no time to learn another language , i have to work as a nurse .	i'm about to work with my father , he is an electrician .
10 oh i spend time with my son too , we are going to disneyland to see mickey !	awesome ! i love mickey . i think we are done .
11 oh you have to go so soon ?	well . no , not really . i love chinese language .
12 oh that is great , but i think i've to go myself !	okay . nice talking to you .
1 partner's persona: i play several instruments.
2 partner's persona: my father played violin professionally.
3 partner's persona: i enjoy exploring new parts of the city.
4 partner's persona: i volunteer at the homeless shelter.
5 hello , how are you tonight ?	i'm doing pretty good what about you ?
6 relaxing now that i'm home from volunteering at the homeless shelter .	i'm relaxing too i was doing shopping today , i enjoyed it .
7 i love to shop . pick up anything interesting ?	i bought a dress as i have wedding after a month .
8 congratulations ! are you excited or nervous ?	i am excited as my cousin is getting married . do you study or work ?
9 i do both . not tonight though .	wow so good for you . yes is weekend enjoy it .
10 i work in the morning , as a tour guide .	wow you are meeting a lot of people . from which city are you ?
11 cleveland , ohio . i like meeting new people .	meeting new people is very interesting . how is the weather there ?
12 it is very nice . warm , kind of humid .	do you have snow there in the winter ?
1 partner's persona: i love disneyland and mickey mouse.
2 partner's persona: i love to spend time with my family.
3 partner's persona: i am a baby delivery nurse.
4 partner's persona: my favorite way to relax is to read a book.
5 hi there . how are you doing this afternoon ?	doing great mate , what about you ?
6 i am doing good . been reading to relax .	reading is good to relax , i also like to take bubble baths for that
7 me too ! what do you do for a living ?	i work part time as a bartender , but i do not drink any alcohol
8 oh , i help deliver babies .	nice , i don't know much about babies because i'm single
9 i love spending time with my family .	i live alone with my two dogs , kinda sad because i'm 34
10 do you have any kids ?	no , not yet . just my dogs and sometimes i play chess with the neighbor kid
11 i love going to disneyland .	cool , i live like four blocks away from disney
12 it was really nice chatting with you .	thanks for the chit chat
1 partner's persona: i like to play chess.
2 partner's persona: i am single and with two dogs.
3 partner's persona: i'm in my thirties.
4 partner's persona: i love taking bubble baths.
5 hey ! have you ever played chess over a chat ?	no i have never played over chat before .
6 do you play chess ? i guess i should have asked that first .	no , i watch nascar though . my father used to drive .
7 that's cool . i have been to one race , how old are you ?	i am 30 . how old are you ? what do you do for work ?
8 i'm thirty two . i work in the banking industry , boring .	i work for the us postal service . it is pretty boring as well .
9 one of the hottest and most intelligent men i know worked as a mail man !	your husband ? do you have any pets ?
10 no , i'm single ? you ? yes . i've two dogs .	i'm married . i've a german shepherd named barnby .
11 i used to have a shepard mix now i've a frenchie and portugese water dog .	sounds cute . barnby has a grey collar and leash my favorite color .
1 partner's persona: i go gambling in my spare time.
2 partner's persona: i like to grill outdoors.
3 partner's persona: i enjoy mowing my lawn on sunny days.
4 partner's persona: i move south during the winter.
5 partner's persona: i have been retired for a years.
6 just finished mowing the lawn on this nice sunny day , how are you ?	hi . i'm well how are you ? tell me about yourself .
7 well not much just a retired veteran addicted to gambling . you ?	i am a finance graduate from yale . i could invest your earning
8 that sounds great , i would invest it in a futuristic grill !	haha . so you are into grilling cooking ?
9 nothing like a grill with your friends and family !	true with a cold beer .
10 sorry i've to go soon man , winter is coming and i gotta move south .	lol good luck with that
11 it was nice chatting with you , i will think about that investment !	definitely man . cheers to you and yours and get some help with the gambling .
12 ok , take care my man , i will go now , see ya !	you need money to make money so really think about that help
13 i'll for sure think about that investment , cheers again my man !	take care my and be safe on your move
1 partner's persona: i enjoy exploring new parts of the city.
2 partner's persona: my father played violin professionally.
3 partner's persona: i play several instruments.
4 partner's persona: i volunteer at the homeless shelter.
5 partner's persona: i'm a piano teacher on the side.
6 what are you doing tonight ?	i will probably go to the gym ! i go almost everyday
7 i get most of my exercise exploring the city	oh that is interesting ! i love going to the city to walk my two dogs !
8 that's great . do you do anything else besides work out ?	not really . my favorite machines are the treadmill and rowing machines
9 i'm not much of an exercise junkie . i would rather play music	i listen to music while working out !
10 what kind of music do you like the most ?	i love punk rock music . what about you ?
11 i'm more of a classical person . i play a ton of instruments	what type of instruments do you play ?
12 i play violin , like my father . i also play piano , guitar , bass , drums	awesome ! i do not really play instruments but that would be neat to learn !
13 i teach piano actually , on the side	oh cool ! do you have many students ?
1 partner's persona: i love to play board games.
2 partner's persona: my parents were also teachers.
3 partner's persona: for vacation i enjoy time at the beach.
4 partner's persona: my favorite band is up and i got to see them in concert once.
5 partner's persona: i'm an elementary school teacher.
6 hello how are you today ?	great , so far . just got back from my weekly dance lessons sore !
7 oh that's cool , i wanted to learn to dance for my vacation to the beach	we stayed at santa monica when i was seven , in 1989 . i love the beach !
8 wow that was the same year i went and saw up live it was amazing	funny how music sticks in your head depending on where you are .
9 yea like when i'm teaching my 5th grade class and i just think about summer	me , 1989 making lite brite pictures while listening to new kids on the block shriek !
10 do you like board game too ? i feel like we have a lot in common	stratego , and battleship ! i used to beat my brothers both .
11 i like to play monopoly the other two are just to hard	your being a teacher is hard work . i am just in retail food store , night shift .
12 yea it is hard both my teachers are as well so i had to be one	well , very nice meeting you ! i have got to get dressed for work ! bye !
1 partner's persona: i don't believe in god.
2 partner's persona: i am overweight and unhappy.
3 partner's persona: i spend most of my time on facebook when i'm not working.
4 partner's persona: my wife left me and took my children.
5 partner's persona: i work at a nursing home.
6 hi there . how are you doing ?	doing fine just got home from a sunday ride on a monday in my bmw
7 haha that works . i'm slightly overweight , and i hate it	you should think of walking . when i was younger i walked around manhattan .
8 good idea . i try to walk a lot at the nursing home where i work .	i work in finance . in 2011 i graduated yale
9 congrats . big accomplishment . that is awesome	business school is what i plan to do next year
10 i feel down since my wife walked out with my kids .	i'm sure you are missing them sorry .
11 every second , of every day . they were and are my world	maybe you could reconcile with your wife
12 i tried . she found someone else , and i just want her happy .	that is nice of you to want her happy .
13 i meant my vows , even if i don't actually believe in god .	well maybe you will meet someone new in a while
1 partner's persona: i love to drink fancy tea.
2 partner's persona: i have a big library at home.
3 partner's persona: i'm partly deaf.
4 partner's persona: i'm a museum tour guide.
5 partner's persona: i grow roses in my garden.
6 hello ! how are you tonight ?	hello . my pet fish and i are fine . you ?
7 what do you call your fish ? i'm drinking fancy tea	his name is nemo ! what fancy tea are you drinking ?
8 nemo , i love him already . its a tea mix , green and black .	the tea sounds cool . is there honey in it ?
9 i add honey to it , yes . i drink it while running museum tours .	museum tours ? sounds exciting ! i used to visit museums with my ex .
10 yes , i'm a little deaf but can still do them .	how long have you been doing them ?
11 3 years , what do you do for fun ?	i like all things orange ! it is a hobby and an obsession !
12 orange , that sounds fun ! do you eat oranges ?	hehe ! as a matter of fact , i do ! and guess what colour my pet fish is ?
13 i'm guessing orange and black ?	correct ! i got it for my 18th yesterday !
1 partner's persona: i like to spend my money on cars.
2 partner's persona: i go to the gym most days just to socialize.
3 partner's persona: i watch too much tv in spare time.
4 partner's persona: i have never had a steady relationship.
5 partner's persona: i work from home.
6 hi . how are you doing today ?	taking a bubble bath being single with my dogs !
7 i am single , too . i've never been in a real relationship , to be honest .	i taught them to play chess and not drink alcohol
8 your dogs ? i think i am confused .	assigned sentences and words yo
9 lol . i thought maybe my tv watching had fried my brain for a minute .	my name is mike , you ?
10 i'm scott . i really like cars . how about you ?	cars are cool . i like instruments and singing
11 nice . are you in a band ?	yeah i am , i teach music also
12 what age ? kids scare me .	professor of music at michigan state
13 at least they are older . middle or high school . . . yikes !	i wish i had kids
1 partner's persona: horror movies are my favorites.
2 partner's persona: i have a son who is in junior high school.
3 partner's persona: i'm a stay at home dad.
4 partner's persona: i spent a decade working in the human services field.
5 partner's persona: my father used to work for home depot.
6 hey there how are you	i'mwell , how are you ? just watched my favorite documentary
7 good . oh that's that ?	documentaries are my favorite kind of film , movie
8 oh nice . i love horror	cool , i read one horror book weekly
9 really , who do you like the most ?	i started a new job in pa over three months ago
10 cool i used to work in human services	my husband did also , we live here in pennsylvania
11 oh cool i live in north dakota	oh , i am sorry north dakota huh
12 yup , i love it plenty . now i stay home with my kids	oh nice , kids are pretty cool sometimes
13 mine are great , my son is in jr high	awesome , kids are an awesome thing
1 partner's persona: i've a pet cow.
2 partner's persona: i'm an electrician.
3 partner's persona: i only listen to country music.
4 partner's persona: i drive a big truck and live in country.
5 partner's persona: i work my parents farms.
6 hi , want to be my friend ?	sure , what do you like to do
7 i'm really passionate about good country music	cool , i love going to concerts with my friends
8 do you like country western music ?	i like anything that involves a good time
9 i spend my spare time on my parents farm	nice do you drive an big truck and live in the country
10 big lifted truck ! and my pet is a cow .	very cool ! my part time job is a burger king , not as good as yours
11 well but all the free food !	after working a shift it is the last thing you want
12 so what ? you order chinese food ?	no my mom cooks for me
13 well that's nice . i love good home cooked comfort foods	that's the only good part , my parents are always on me
1 partner's persona: i have short hair.
2 partner's persona: eating is something i do when i'm bored.
3 partner's persona: i go to the gym regularly.
4 partner's persona: two dogs live with me.
5 partner's persona: i like doing the treadmill and rowing machine.
6 i love fall weather it is perfect for bonfires !	oh yes i love same chilly weather
7 yes ! another great way to stay warm !	i love to do gardens and to go out in such weather for hiking
8 yes especially gardens i can eat from !	lol yes , do you have pets
9 yes , two german shepherds and you ?	i've one retriever with whom we have fun
10 i've heard those a great family dogs .	yes i am school teacher my students love to pet them
11 what grade do you teach ?	in the elementary school from 2 nd to 6 th grade
12 my oldest has decided to be a second grade teacher .	nice , it s a good passion to be a teacher
13 i agree , i teach sunday school	good , i'm off on sunday and i go to church on sunday
1 partner's persona: i hate the color orange.
2 partner's persona: i dance on the weekends.
3 partner's persona: i don't care about fashion.
4 partner's persona: i went to school for chemistry but work in a bookstore.
5 hi ! i don't like the color orange .	hello . i like to shoot hoops , so orange balls are good with me .
6 that is amazing . i like dancing on weekends . you ?	right now i am applying for jobs , i want to work in a restaurant .
7 that is amazing . good luck . i don't like fashion though .	i get you , my favorite rapper is pretty stylish , travis scott .
8 i totally like travis . i liked doing chemistry too	awesome . my mom wanted to be a chemist , but ended up a dentist ! go figure !
9 it seems to be hard to be a chemist . what do you do ?	unemployed at the moment , i really want to work at a snazzy restaurant .
10 you will get it . don't worry . i now work in a nice bookstore .	i love to read . i'd rack up a big bill working in a bookstore .
11 that's really amazing . i hope you have a nice future .	you too ! here is to a bright future ! cheers !
12 thank you so much . have fun .	i will and you do the same .
1 partner's persona: hey my name is larry and i'm a chef.
2 partner's persona: i love cooking but i also enjoy fishing.
3 partner's persona: spiderman is my favorite.
4 partner's persona: if i'm not cooking in the kitchen then i'm definitely on the water.
5 hi , i am larry , chef is my job and you ?	i work in an office now i wanted to play football
6 cooking and fishing are what i enjoy the most	do you like coffee ? i do .
7 it is a great sport just a little dangerous , i love spiderman	i am more of a han solo guy
8 i drink coffee daily , when i'm not swimming	i like to try all new blends . do you swim a lot ?
9 did you watch his latest movie the blade runner ?	no i did not see that . i'm excited for the new star wars though
10 when i am not doing cooking i'll be in the pool	i like to swim i guess . do you have your own pool
11 it has great reviews , i'll wait for the dvds .	you are missing out . the big screen is part of the experience
12 no , i wish i have a big pool	me too . but it is not practical in maryland
1 partner's persona: my sister is a pole dancer.
2 partner's persona: i enjoy listening to classical music.
3 partner's persona: i can drive a tractor.
4 partner's persona: my favorite color is red.
5 my sister and i love classical music and we pole dance . call me dirty red .	hello dirty red , i am a high school student . i just won homecoming queen !
6 great ! i love anything red especially tractors . wink wink !	i enjoy running do you ? i hope to run a 5k this year .
7 i had to run for my life one time . you ever danced to bach ?	i listen to classical music , when i do my homework . i am currently a straight a student !
8 wow ! i get paid to pole dance . do you get paid to run ?	no i do track and field in school and i want to start racing for charity .
9 i see . you own a tractor ? i like driving tractors . wink wink .	nope no tractor , i want save my money for college .
10 good for you ! you can make your college cost pole dancing . i did .	possibly , i want to be a physical therapist
11 great for you ! pole dancing pays more than physical therapy .	it can be very lucrative
1 partner's persona: i am a musician.
2 partner's persona: my favorite spanish word is trabajo.
3 partner's persona: my next language to study is french.
4 partner's persona: i also study languages.
5 partner's persona: one of the languages that i'm currently studying is spanish.
6 hello , how are you today ?	hello , i'm fine thanks and you ?
7 i'm good because i love music and play it all the time	ah that is nice ! i play softball in my free time .
8 nice , trabajo is my favorite spanish word	i wish i had time to learn another language , but i'm busy with work .
9 yeah i want to study french next	since i've been fired from my last job i've been working in insurance
10 that is pretty cool ! i love to study spanish	my father is a member of the army , served for 10 years now .
11 wow that's very impressive ! bless your father	ever since my mom passed away he has been much more serious about his job
12 i am very sorry for your loss	it is ok , it happened when i was young , thanks anyway .
13 oh ok , well i hope everything is ok !	yeah everything is ok now , how about your life ?
1 partner's persona: i've been working since i was sixteen years old.
2 partner's persona: in my free time i like to watch nascar racing and ufc.
3 partner's persona: my favorite band is aerosmith.
4 partner's persona: my favorite food is mexican food.
5 partner's persona: i'm a construction worker.
6 hey there how are you doing	i'm doing good ! how are you ? i just got back from walking my dog !
7 i'm good , that's pretty cool . where do you work ?	well , that's what i do for a living . walk dogs !
8 wow , i work in construction	is that fun ? i just graduated , so to celebrate , i went kayaking !
9 it is hard work . that sounds so fun	also , i do know how to survive in the wilderness ! i enjoy reading as well !
10 are you an eagle scout ?	no , i'm not , but i do like girl scout cookies !
11 haha what kind ? i do as well	i do like thin mints ! those are my favorite , and i don't get anu others !
12 i like the shortbread ones . but my favorite food is form mexico	i do like mexican coke . i think it tastes better than waht we have here !
13 dear lord i agree , the glass bottle ones ?	yeah ! i know it is expensive , but so worth it !
1 partner's persona: i am a musician.
2 partner's persona: i also study languages.
3 partner's persona: my favorite spanish word is trabajo.
4 partner's persona: my next language to study is french.
5 hello , how are you doing tonight ?	doing great . watched nhl hockey and walked my german shepherd dog .
6 what do you do for work ?	i live on a farm and work here too . what do you do ?
7 i'm a local musician , but i have been studying different languages recently .	wow , great . my artistic ability is limited to coloring books . lol
8 my favorite word in spanish is trabajo . i plan to study french next .	neat . my husband was adopted and he is spanish .
9 does he speak spanish fluently ?	yes , but i don't . i am limited to spanish food names like taco . lol
10 are tacos your favorite food ?	yes , i eat them while i watch hockey . do you like hockey ?
11 i like baseball better . go yankees !	what instrument do you play ?
12 i play the piano and the violin .	you are so talented . i can sing farm songs and i can milk cows .
1 partner's persona: i am deathly afraid of heights.
2 partner's persona: i own a cat and a dog.
3 partner's persona: i'm a party animal.
4 partner's persona: my favorite movie is mean girls.
5 partner's persona: i help out at the food bank occasionally.
6 hi there ! do you have any pets ?	i am a teacher and waitress . i am gone from home too much to have pets .
7 bummer . i've a puppy and a kitten . they get along .	what are the names of your pets ?
8 mean girl is the cat , after my favorite movie , and roscoe the dog .	i love that movie ! do you remember the part where she rides a motorbike ?
9 haha ! yes ! i love to have parties and watch the movie with friends .	is movies your favorite hobby ? i race motorbikes for fun .
10 i volunteer at the food bank . i'd like to skydive but i cannot .	i've been there to get food . i've to waitress to supplement my income .
11 they have some great food . i often donate and take things from there myself .	thank you for what you do . you are generous and kind .
12 thanks ! i do what i can .	why have you not been skydiving ?
13 i just about faint when i climb a ladder . i cannot imagine a plane .	do not be afraid . it is exhilarating ! the adrenaline rush can not be described in words .
1 partner's persona: i just broke up with boyfriend two months ago.
2 partner's persona: i turned 18 years old yesterday.
3 partner's persona: my favorite color is orange.
4 partner's persona: i have a pet fish.
5 hey . what is your favorite color ?	i am so rich i eat off of golden plates
6 i guess you can afford more than my pet fish !	my favorite color is green , for dolla dolla bill
7 that is funny mine us orange .	i can afford you and everything you own ,
8 well , i did just breakup with my boyfriend so i am free .	i heard some bad things about you so i will have to pass
9 oh dear , i have only just turned 18 wonder how ?	energy isn't physical , but spiritual and can change at a moments notice
10 you must be a really smart person .	sometimes time can mysteriously move forward , the universe is always changing
11 oh , yes please tell me more .	smartness is a frame of mind
12 are you sure its not what you are born with ?	you can change what you were born with , modify your dna with your beliefs
1 partner's persona: i like to talk but people have a hard time understanding.
2 partner's persona: i am four years old.
3 partner's persona: i like to eat chocolate candy.
4 partner's persona: i like to look at blocks and sing about letters.
5 partner's persona: when i grow up i want to be a dog.
6 hello ! how are you today ?	i am fine thank you , how about you ?
7 i am too young to understand you	that is alright . my husband is a doctor , and he deals with kids .
8 even 4 year olds who only eat chocolate ? !	mostly 4 year olds . yes . do you have brothers and sisters ?
9 no . i am alone . i keep myself busy by singing to my toys . you ?	i play tennis professionally . i wish i could have some chocolate .
10 i can share ! i want to be a puppy when i get older !	that's a good future plan ! i have a dog , and i love taking walks with him .
11 walks are scary ! want to hear me sing the abcs ?	sure , why not ? i have kids who like to sing too . my family keeps growing .
12 abc . . de . . i forgot the rest , sorry .	that was very good ! my kids like to sing too
13 i practice by singing to my blocks while stacking them . i think it is my bed time !	it is bedtime here too . i sleep on the third story of my house .
1 partner's persona: i only listen to country music.
2 partner's persona: i drive a big truck and live in country.
3 partner's persona: i'm an electrician.
4 partner's persona: i've a pet cow.
5 partner's persona: i work my parents farms.
6 hey how are you doing this afternoon ?	i'm doing ok . just dreading halloween . i hate clowns
7 i'm sorry ! i don't care for it either .	what do you do for a living
8 i am a electrician , but i take care of my parents farm also .	oh well that is cool ! i am not a farmer but i love gardening
9 i do it to see moo , my pet cow . what kind of music do you like ?	i love country music . i do work at a gas station as well
10 i love country too ! i only listen to it !	do you love to hike to ?
11 nah i just go mud riding on my land with my truck for fun .	well that sounds like fun . do you know your parents
12 yeah i do . do you ?	no unfortunately an older couple adopted me when i was little
1 partner's persona: i try various coffees as a hobby.
2 partner's persona: i am a huge star wars fan.
3 partner's persona: i played football for a division a college.
4 partner's persona: i enjoy poetry.
5 what are you up to ?	oh , i was just watching rob dryden videos on youtube . you ?
6 i'm watching my fave movie star wars .	that's right , it was on tnt tonight .
7 awesome ! i am drinking a huge cup of coffee to stay up and marathon it .	very cool . as a skateboarder i drink a lot of coffee as well .
8 i like to try a bunch of different types of coffee .	my friends who all are skateboarders like different coffee too .
9 i am not into skateboarding but i did play football	right on . i like watching football . i've my bucs hat i wear everyday .
10 i'd rather read and write poetry these days though	understandable . my girlfriend dabbles in poetry .
11 that is awesome . you should write her soms	if i had some talent in it i would .
1 partner's persona: my favorite hobbies are listening to music and playing video games.
2 partner's persona: i'm rather skinny as i like to stay in shape.
3 partner's persona: i love wearing skinny jeans and leggings.
4 partner's persona: i'm a blonde girl with really short hair.
5 whats up boo my name is jimmy whats yours	my name is karen . happy afternoon !
6 oh thanks gucci . just put my skinny jeans on you lol	blue jeans ? i like blue . are you into fashion ?
7 yea i rock skinny jeans and leggings you	wow that's really cool . i'm going out running later .
8 wish i ran more i play to many video games	staring too much at the screen makes your eye tired .
9 headaches too i do like to listen to music as well	i like eating veggies . i keep a very balanced life .
10 what is your favorite veggie to eat	blueberries i guess . i make blueberry pancakes .
11 sounds really good actually love blueberries	great . blueberry picking season is over now . i think i'll go next year .
12 yea that's the problem with blueberries lol	well everything has its own season .
1 partner's persona: i was born in the early 80 s.
2 partner's persona: my favorite toy as a child as my lite brite.
3 partner's persona: i love new kids on the block.
4 partner's persona: i take dance lessons once a week.
5 hello there where are you from ?	i teach elementary school in chicago . and you ?
6 i live in pennsylvania now	oh i have never been there . i have heard its pretty . i love walking in nature
7 i love listening to the oldies music	oh i am not much a fan . . i prefer gospel . the music i hear at church every week
8 so do you have any hobbies ?	gardening , love my vegetables ! walking my dogs . . and you ?
9 that is cool i like to dance	oh dancing is fun . do you work
10 i'm self employed at this time	okay , do you have any children
11 yeah but there older now and there far away you ?	i've two little boys . toddlers , what a fun age
12 oh boy sounds like it	what are you hobbies ? to pass time
1 partner's persona: i play ping pong.
2 partner's persona: my father is an electrician.
3 partner's persona: i speak chinese.
4 partner's persona: i love chocolate bars.
5 partner's persona: i play the violin and the guitar.
6 hey there ! i'm ali .	oh hello . i'm charlotte . i just got back from canada .
7 awesome ! i was there for a ping pong tournament last year .	should get to bed soon . the library will be looking me in the face early .
8 i love the library . those books helped me learned chinese .	oh i am glad . that's what i love about being a librarian . retirement soon tho .
9 that's awesome ! my dad just retired after being an electrician for 30 years .	he enjoying that ? last month i turned 60 , just a few more years .
10 oh he loves it ! now he has time to rock out with me on the guitar .	that's nice to spend time with your dad . he must love it .
11 i like to think he does . he's the one who taught me guitar and violin .	wow . i do some travelling with my daughter . i enjoy that .
12 where do you like to go ?	i love to go north . since i live in the south .
13 i went to belgium last year . that gave me a whole new love for chocolate .	ha ha . never been there . actually canada is the only time out of the us .
1 partner's persona: i don't have a smartphone.
2 partner's persona: i can sew my own clothes.
3 partner's persona: i am retired and living the great life.
4 partner's persona: i've amazing children and grandchildren.
5 partner's persona: i had cancer but its gone now.
6 hey . jefferson here , i've no smartphone .	hello jefferson , how are you
7 i'm good , sometimes i sew my own clothes .	great i a blue sweater that i love and you sew it for me
8 yeah , i've a lot of time because i'm retired .	awesome , i'm cooking dinner right now
9 oh great ! i just got over my cancer .	oh wow your are a survivor
10 yes it cost a lot of money .	i can imagine , you should eat more vegetables now
11 i eat broccoli all the time .	super ! also we can go running together
12 sounds like fun , i cannot wait !	where do you live friend
13 i live over by washington avenue .	ok i live next to you when you want to go running
1 partner's persona: i'm from a small town.
2 partner's persona: my family has raised horses for a generations.
3 partner's persona: i was raised on a horse farm.
4 partner's persona: i dream of moving to the city.
5 partner's persona: i want to be a lawyer.
6 hey there , how are you today ?	good here listening to my favorite music old school hip hop and you ?
7 not much it is pretty quiet here as i live on a horse farm	that is cool have you ever tried dance lessons i do them once a week
8 no i've not . i ride horses though , my family has raised them for generations	that is amazing , what else you do besides loving horses
9 i really want to move to the city , not much to do here . what about you ?	i am in fascinated with new kids on the block have you heard of them
10 i recognize the name but don't know their music	i was born in the eighties how about you
11 i'm younger , i really want to go to college to become a lawyer	that is a tough field hope it goes well
12 thank you , what do you do ?	i do not work but i enjoy dance lessons during the week there fun
1 partner's persona: i volunteer at a soup kitchen.
2 partner's persona: cheeseburgers are my favorite food.
3 partner's persona: i was poor growing up.
4 partner's persona: i am a retired gym teacher.
5 hey ! my name is coach jon .	what sport do you coach ?
6 i was a high school gym teacher and basket ball coach , i am retired now . a	i always liked basketball . i played d1 football instead though
7 eat lots of meat to stay built , i always say a cheeseburger a day	oh , have you ever tried coffee ?
8 of course ! but it does not go good with burgers .	you should definitely give more a try . i drink 5 cups a day
9 geez that is a lot of money , i count pennies , i grew up in the gutter .	grew up in the gutter ? why ?
10 i was dirt poor , went to a soup kitchen every day . now volunteer there .	now that is a success story
11 thank you . so tell me about you .	i love poetry and star wars
1 partner's persona: i am an omnivore.
2 partner's persona: i just bought my first home.
3 partner's persona: i work at a bank.
4 partner's persona: a already have a children.
5 partner's persona: i am expecting twins in two months.
6 hi , want to get to know each other	yes ! tell me about yourself ? i am a gamer .
7 that sounds cool . i have a kid , but he's too young for gaming	i'm addicted to the internet , want to work from home
8 that would be nice . i earn my living at the bank , it pays	nice , i dye my hair all the time i could not work there .
9 you would be surprised our society is more accepting than you think	thanks for saying that . i attended to vet school once
10 didn't you finish the program	no , i hated it so i quit . i didn't like seeing blood .
11 so what do you do now	just spend time roleplay gaming . you ?
12 i meant for money , or does that pay ?	it does pay , not much but it does .
13 well to each their own i guess	what else do you do ?
1 partner's persona: my father was a door to door salesman.
2 partner's persona: i have three dogs.
3 partner's persona: i'm in an open polyamorous relationship.
4 partner's persona: i also have a dog walking business.
5 hi there ! how is your day ?	i'm doing great out here
6 where do you live ? i own a dog walking business	alabama . i love it here .
7 cool , my dad was a door to door salesman . what do you do ?	i work in a taco shop
8 yum . i love tacos and walk my three dogs to burn it off	do you exercise every day
9 i try to , but my polyamorous relationship keeps me active	what does that mean ? poly
10 many . do you like many , too ? or just one ?	i like one ? i do not understand that
11 relationships with more than one partner , with the knowledge of all partners	hm never heard of that before
12 yeah , something new everyday , huh ?	it always is . life sure is unpredictable .
1 partner's persona: i'm partly deaf.
2 partner's persona: i grow roses in my garden.
3 partner's persona: i love to drink fancy tea.
4 partner's persona: i am a museum tour guide.
5 partner's persona: i have a big library at home.
6 hi , i'm part deaf	hey i'm larry , what is your name ?
7 i'm alberto , nice to meet you	nice to meet you as well . so alberto , do you like comic books ?
8 yes i'm a collector , i've a large library of comics at home	who is your favorite hero or villain ? mine is spiderman .
9 hero is also spiderman and villian the joker	cool , do you have any other hobbies ?
10 i'm a tour guide at a museum	that must be fun , what do you do for leisure ?
11 what do you mean with leisure	in your free time for fun .
12 i work on my garden , growing roses	that sounds rewarding . do you swim ?
1 partner's persona: my dad taught me everything i know.
2 partner's persona: i enjoy building houses.
3 partner's persona: i'm a construction worker.
4 partner's persona: i have 5cats.
5 partner's persona: my cats are very special to me.
6 hey , how are you doing ?	a little worried about my dog . what happens when we die ?
7 i do not know , you ?	no clue , it is very scary . what happens do my dogs ? do you have any ?
8 tell me something about yourself .	we are having another county bake sale , i always go . will you go ?
9 i have 5 cats and 2 dogs .	they're welcome at the bake sale , we have a dog treat table .
10 i love to build houses .	will you build a dog house big enough for many dogs ?
11 yes , i'd love to .	will you build a dog house big enough for many dogs ?
12 how many dogs does it need to fit ?	three . i knit dog sweaters , would you like some ?
13 i'd love to have one .	i can knit all sorts of things . your kitty might like boots .
1 partner's persona: my favorite food is mexican food.
2 partner's persona: my favorite band is aerosmith.
3 partner's persona: i've been working since i was sixteen years old.
4 partner's persona: i'm a construction worker.
5 hello ! my fav band is aerosmith . they're great listening for construction work .	awesome ! have you been to any of there concert ?
6 yes ! i'm at one now . i have been working since 16 to see them a lot .	good for you ! hard work pays off ! when you retire , you can travel the world like me !
7 i have zero dollars saved though . i spend it all on mexican food and drugs .	mexican food is good ! i get to try many types of food due to travel !
8 have you ever traveled to the antarctic ?	yes i have ! love it ! i travel by yacht , so i have been all over !
9 wow , traveling the ocean in a yacht seems sketchy .	adventure ! i rent my yacht out when not using it so others can experience it !
10 so cool . how much to rent it ?	5000 week . definitely worth doing at some point in your life !
11 hmmm maybe . i'd rather put that towards bitcoin .	i'm not familiar with that
12 make lots of money , keep these gains i will be able to buy 20 yachts .	wow ! that sounds so interesting !
1 partner's persona: i'm a skateboarder.
2 partner's persona: my favourite skater is rob dryden.
3 partner's persona: i've a broken arm.
4 partner's persona: my friends are all skateboarders.
5 partner's persona: i am always wearing a hat.
6 hello how are you sir mam	i'm well . how about you ?
7 doing great . do you have any hobbies you are fond of ?	poetry . roses are red . violet are . . . ?
8 blue . . . i believe . my hobby is skateboarding , and i broke my arm one time	you are right ! a broken arm sounds painful .
9 yes it is . any horrible accidents happen to you ?	just bumps and bruises from playing college football .
10 do you still play college football ?	no . now i spend time reading poetry . do you drink coffee ?
11 since i am always skateboarding with friends i need energy so yes i do .	do you like different kinds ?
12 i just stick to my cappuccinos . do you enjoy more than one kind ?	i try a lot of kinds . do you like star wars ?
1 partner's persona: i'm partly deaf.
2 partner's persona: i have a big library at home.
3 partner's persona: i am a museum tour guide.
4 partner's persona: i grow roses in my garden.
5 partner's persona: i love to drink fancy tea.
6 hi , do you like to read ? i've a big library at my home	i am not much of a reader . i prefer watching ufc and nascar .
7 when i'm not reading i work as a museum tour guide	cool . i'm in construction myself . been at it since i was 16 .
8 awesome . do you like tea ? i prefer it over coffee	tea is okay . i prefer horchata . get it all the time when i have mexican food .
9 i read about horchata . what about gardening ? i grow roses	i am not a green thumb person , but gardening is okay .
10 it is relaxing . what kind of construction ? i'm building a new rose garden	i build homes for low income families . do you live alone ?
11 my favorite tea is chamomile	i've had that before . not sure i'm a fan . chai is good though .
12 i'm also working on my library . there's always a need for more book shelves	you should consider working in construction like me .
13 yes , maybe i'll change jobs from a museum tour guide	you seem cool . we should hang out and have mexican food sometime .
1 partner's persona: i love going to the park with my three children and my wife.
2 partner's persona: i've three children.
3 partner's persona: my favorite ice cream flavor is chocolate.
4 partner's persona: i'm a plumber.
5 how are you doing today	i am doing well , i had a long night at work .
6 where do you work at	i work at a bar for now . how about you ?
7 i work with the porcelain queen	that is interesting . are you able to pay all your bills with that job ?
8 yes it is plumbing lol	haha i never heard it worded that way before . well played .
9 i figured i should give it some grace	i know this if kind of random nut , how much is rent on average where you live ?
10 it is over one thousand	that isn't too bad . what state is it ?
11 new york . how about you ?	i just got an apartment with my best friend here in new jersey
12 okay so you are familiar	yes i go to school in manhattan . i'm working on a nursing degree
1 partner's persona: my favourite food is shawarma.
2 partner's persona: i did not graduate high school.
3 partner's persona: i am in the army.
4 partner's persona: i live in canada.
5 partner's persona: my grandfather served in world war a.
6 how are you doing today ?	good and hope the same for you .
7 good , just living that army life .	i come from a musical family . my father was a violinist and i teach piano .
8 i come from a military family . my grandfather served in a world war	i walk as a hobby and try to find parts of the city to explore .
9 where do you live ? i'm up here in canada	here in sunny california and looking for volunteer work .
10 good luck . do you have a favorite food ?	mexican food but especially chili verde .
11 yum ! personally , i love shawarma	they don't serve that at the homeless shelter where i volunteer .
12 they should ! you should request it	okay send me the recipe so i can tell them .
1 partner's persona: i also like to cook but i am not very good at it.
2 partner's persona: hey there i am 23 and i love food.
3 partner's persona: i have been traveling the world for a years.
4 partner's persona: i own a yacht and i rent it out when i am not using it.
5 partner's persona: i have been trying all types of food everywhere i go.
6 i love cooking spaghetti , but somehow it always catches on fire	lol , i attend country concerts on the weekend
7 i have attended all matters of concerts all over the world . none of them have spaghetti though	lol , i work on cars that are vintage
8 i don't love cars , i love food . specifically spaghetti .	wow , my 2 dogs love spaghetti too !
9 i rented my yacht to someone , and it was covered in dog feces afterwards	you have a yacht ! how rich are you ?
10 rich enough to try all manners of exotic spaghetti from all over the world .	lol , i just like to listen to country music
11 country music does not fit my demographic 23 year old spaghetti enthusiast .	true , but the banjo is so relaxing !
12 i've a collection of antique banjos i keep in the back of my yacht .	wow , that is really cool ! can i see ?
1 partner's persona: i'm a baby delivery nurse.
2 partner's persona: i love disneyland and mickey mouse.
3 partner's persona: i walk three miles every day.
4 partner's persona: i love to spend time with my family.
5 hello my name is katrina and i deliver babies , i'm a nurse .	awesome . my babies are due in three months
6 what ? that is awesome so are you having twins or triplets ?	triplets ! ! ! i think i can handle it though
7 hey and then when they get older you can take them to disneyland .	absolutely that sounds like fun
8 yup , i'm in love with disneyland . its just so packed in the summer .	i'm from italy so this would be totally new to me
9 wow , i always to visit italy mainly for the food .	we have great food , fattening but great lol
10 its okay , i'll not get too fat , i walk about 3 miles so about 5km everyday .	that is good exercise . i've a trail by my new house
11 trail , that's great i love trail running or hiking .	that's good exercise . i have a trail by my new house
1 partner's persona: they are constantly on my back.
2 partner's persona: i work took i've a part time job at burger king.
3 partner's persona: i am 19 and i cannot wait to move out 19 my parents home.
4 partner's persona: i just want to have fun with my friends.
5 hello there who are you	hello , how are you today ? i'm retired and enjoying it .
6 i wish i was retired then i could hang with my friends more	that is a benefit . i hang with my grandkids .
7 how old are you i'm 19	i'm 40 . are you in college ?
8 no i work part time in burger king and it sucks	i do not care for burger king , mcdonalds is much better .
9 probably better to work for they're always on my back there	have you thought about finding another job ?
10 i want to leave the job but my parents make me stay	maybe if you found a better one before leaving .
11 yeah but i'll move out my parents soon	very cool ! i loved it when my kids left .
12 i'll love it when i leave then i can do as i like	it does not always work out that way .
1 partner's persona: i like to spend my money on cars.
2 partner's persona: i watch too much tv in spare time.
3 partner's persona: i work from home.
4 partner's persona: i go to the gym most days just to socialize.
5 partner's persona: i've never had a steady relationship.
6 hello ! i do not go anywhere for when i work !	my goal is to run a k !
7 wow ! that is very impressive to me	i want to become a physical therapist
8 that is not a bad idea ! make a lot of money	what is your dream job ?
9 my dream job is professional baseball . i currently play baseball at lsu	i think that sounds pretty cool
10 i am excited ! i am expected to be drafted this year !	that's cool ! i won homecoming queen
11 wow ! that is impressive ! i bet you are good looking !	yes i am quite beautiful
12 add me on snapchat ! i love the app	yeah that app is really cool !
13 i go to the gym to socialize most days	nice ! do you work out often
1 partner's persona: the holidays make me depressed.
2 partner's persona: my age is too old to say.
3 partner's persona: i spend my time bird watching with my cats.
4 partner's persona: i am an animal activist.
5 hey , jefferson here , i hate the holidays .	that is too bad . what do you do for a living ?
6 i'm retired , my age is so incredibly old .	to add to my income , during the day , i'm a waitress .
7 oh , i spend all my time watching birds with my cat .	i met someone last week that was 982 years old .
8 wow that is incredible . did they like animals ?	i think so . how do you get around ? i've a motorbike .
9 i like to ride my bike .	cool . my motorbike has a blue stripe and red when i race , it is shiny .
10 shiny bikes looks very good .	yes , and i always wear my helmet to protect my head .
11 that is good , safety first .	i have brown big eyes and my skin is light . you ?
12 well i am very old so i am just grey .	lol . you should wear more colors to brighten up
1 partner's persona: i spent a decade working in the human services field.
2 partner's persona: my father used to work for home depot.
3 partner's persona: i've a son who is in junior high school.
4 partner's persona: i'm a stay at home dad.
5 hello , how are you today ?	i am good . doing math homework . i hate this class so much .
6 what type of school are you in ?	i'm in middle school . i just turned 13 .
7 oh , i have a son who is junior high school .	oh that is cool . what does he like to do ? i like to play soccer .
8 my son likes to play basketball	does he ride the bus ? i do .
9 i give him rides only to his games , but otherwise he catches the bus	you are a very supportive parent !
10 no other choice but to be ! school will be over before you know it	i sure do hope so !
11 youre going to miss highschool , but college can be nice	i want to be a doctor !
12 that's going to be a lot of schooling ! i hope you'll be working through it !	oh of course i will . what is your job ?
1 partner's persona: my favorite music genre is death metal.
2 partner's persona: my family and i are from india.
3 partner's persona: my mother is very traditional while i prefer to be more free spirited.
4 partner's persona: i'm a swim coach at my local pool.
5 hello , how are you doing today ?	am fine and how is your life
6 not too bad , just finished coaching swim practice . how about you ?	am also good and planing to watch a movie tonight
7 personally , i enjoy horror movies .	horror movies give me nightmares but i love adventures
8 i love adventure movies and also action .	am also a fun of love stories
9 are you interested in musici love death metal !	i partially have interest in that .
10 what do you do for a living ?	i assist my uncle at a coffee store
11 okay , i do a bit of transcriptionist work .	do you find your work fun or boring
1 partner's persona: my favorite color is navy blue.
2 partner's persona: i volunteer my time with a local bunny rescue.
3 partner's persona: i'm ex military.
4 partner's persona: i work fulltime in a shipyard.
5 partner's persona: i donate a part of my salary to charity each month.
6 hi i'm an ex army girl transitioning into civilian life .	wow , thank you for your service .
7 thank you for your support . i work at a shipyard now , what about you ?	i just started as a pa .
8 awesome , that is a lot of hard work . do you do volunteer work ?	no , not right now . i'm expecting my first child .
9 exciting congratulations ! i do charity work at the local bunny resuce and give them 100 a paycheck .	bunny rescue ? that sounds adorable .
10 it is super adorable ! so are you having a boy or girl ?	we decided not to find out quite yet .
11 what colors do you have picked out for the room ? navy blue is my favorite .	i'm thinking a lime green for now . kind of neutral .
12 oh there you go . that color could go either way .	it is our first so i am pretty nervous .
13 that's amazing ! how does your husband feel .	he is excited . he buys me all sorts of books to read about babies . ;
1 partner's persona: my friends are all skateboarders.
2 partner's persona: i'm always wearing a hat.
3 partner's persona: my favourite skater is rob dryden.
4 partner's persona: i've a broken arm.
5 partner's persona: i am a skateboarder.
6 hi , should we be friends ?	hey , i was freaking poor growing up ! but my favorite food was cheeseburgers !
7 who does not love cheeseburgers ? that is my jam	i am retired , i was a gym teacher
8 whoa i can not even imagine retiring yet . i am so young	yeah i volunteer at the soup kitchen a lot now
9 i should do that . i have all this free time since i broke my arm	yeah , its a good cause
10 i spend a lot of time on my skateboard . hence the arm	oh fun , yeah your favorite skateboarder is rob
11 good guess . rob dryden can really shred	yeah he sure can he used to be a salesman , door to door
12 whatever pays the bills man . that's how i see it	yeah yeah , man , for sure
13 did you ever skate , before you retired ?	yeah , i used to skate on the ocean blues
1 partner's persona: i play the piano and guitar and sing.
2 partner's persona: my parents are not very supportive of my dream.
3 partner's persona: my favorite type of music to sing is folk music.
4 partner's persona: i am a musician and hope to make it big some day.
5 partner's persona: i also work as a custodian to help pay the bills.
6 hi i am a custodian named darlene , how are you ?	i am goog i work in a nursing home and just at home on facebook
7 my hobbies include playing guitar and singing , do you have any ?	it was usually being with my children but i am divorced and she took the kids
8 so sad , i'm sorry , i want to make it big someday .	maybe if i believed in god i'd not go through so much
9 yes maybe , my parents do not believe in me but custodian pays the bills .	we have to believe in us i'm overweight and i do not know last time i was happy
10 music makes me happy , my favorite is folk . . .	i like soul , r b , jazz
11 i love music , i play piano , guitar , and i sing as well .	nice i wish i could play
12 very easy , youtube offers videos to teach you . any kids ?	2 a 5 and 7 year old
13 wow big family , married ? i am single but looking .	i am divorced and i hpe to find someone else once i work on myself
1 partner's persona: my best friend lives next door.
2 partner's persona: i am four.
3 partner's persona: i don't pick up my toys.
4 partner's persona: i like to play with my dolls.
5 hi . i like dolls and my boyfriend . he's five .	good evening , what are you up to tonight ?
6 picking up my toys . mom yelled at me .	your boyfriend is five ? how old are you ?
7 four . how old are you ? i'm a genius .	does your mom know you are using the computer ?
8 yes . she's the one who gave it to me .	ok , just making sure . i'm 40 .
9 that is not too old . do you have kids ?	i do not , i work too much for kids .
10 maybe one day you'll have time for them .	maybe . i'm working so i can afford a rolls royce ghost .
11 those are awesome , and very rare .	yes , i work for a watch dealer , there's good money in it .
1 partner's persona: i am here for shoplifting.
2 partner's persona: i will be released in about a month.
3 partner's persona: i am currently in a juvenile detention center.
4 partner's persona: my mom is coming to visit me tomorrow.
5 so how are you doing today ?	i'm doing well , thanks . how are you ?
6 i'm alright , seen better days that is for sure .	are you doing anything to enjoy the weekend ? i ve been playing ping pong with friends
7 that sounds cool . my weekend is being stuck here at a juvenile detention center .	why are you stuck there ? do you work there ?
8 no i'm stuck here for shoplifting , my mom at least is visiting me tomorrow .	that s nice . what does she do for a living ? my dad works as an electrician
9 she does whatever job is available to her . do you work ?	i m still in school right now studying chinese and learning to play violin and guitar
10 wow cool , i'll be back in school once i'm released in about a month	awesome ! do you know what you want to study in school ?
11 i do not know , that's my problem .	i bet there will be time to figure it out . what are your interests ?
12 well i like video games . what about you ?	i also like video games ! in addition to ping pong and the guitar and violin
1 partner's persona: i am a bee farmer.
2 partner's persona: i married a super model from italy.
3 partner's persona: i've zero family that i'm close to.
4 partner's persona: my favorite food is papaya.
5 how are you doing today	hello , how are you today ?
6 i'm doing really well	i'm doing great , it is rainy here .
7 what are you doing with your day	i am bird watching with my animals
8 what kind of animals do you have	i love all animals but cats are my favorite . do you like cats ?
9 yeah they're very independent	are you ready for the holidays ?
10 i'm working on it . i've to go to italy .	that sounds fun , i'm to old to travel .
11 why do you think that	i am just old , are you young ?
12 i'm middle aged . i don't think i'm old .	i'm just to old to tell my age , afraid to travel to much .
1 partner's persona: i've never been out of ohio.
2 partner's persona: my favorite food is pizza with black olives.
3 partner's persona: i work for our local supermarket.
4 partner's persona: i've a cat named spook.
5 hello ! how are you doing ?	i am saddened because my career choices are not supported by my family .
6 i'm sorry to hear that . what do you do for a living ?	i deal watches as my current work .
7 i am a manager at my neighborhood supermarket .	supermarkets are great . i like to shop in them
8 we also sell freshly baked pizza , my favorite is cheese with black olives .	is it your dream job ? i have a rolls royce ghost car as my dream .
9 no , it isn't . my dream is to leave ohio , i've never left this state .	i think ohio is great to shop for watches and shoes .
10 ohio is great , but i want to travel the world with my cat , spook .	that would be interesting . could you go shopping often with a cat ?
11 that is a great question , i have never tried ! where are you from ?	i move around . it helps me be able to keep up with selling watches .
1 partner's persona: i remember when nobody had a television.
2 partner's persona: i love to drink wine and dance in the moonlight.
3 partner's persona: i am 100 years old.
4 partner's persona: i feel like i might live forever.
5 hello ! good morning . how are you ?	hi ! good evening . are you just getting up ?
6 no i have not sleep till now , i am working .	i am a teacher . what do you do ?
7 i'm currently unemployed looking for a job .	good luck ! we are in the longest peacetime job expansion in history .
8 thank you ! . nowadays is hard to find a job .	i do some volunteer work . it is good for the mind imo .
9 that is really nice . how old are you ?	25 . it is nice to be young in nyc .
10 i am 24 we have difference just one year .	yes ! what do you do for fun ?
11 playing volleyball i love it . what about you ?	music . i play the piano , my dad was a professional musician .
1 partner's persona: my favorite type of music to sing is folk music.
2 partner's persona: i'm a musician and hope to make it big some day.
3 partner's persona: my parents are not very supportive of my dream.
4 partner's persona: i also work as a custodian to help pay the bills.
5 hello . what are you up to today ?	not much how are you doing ?
6 i am listening to my favorite type of music folk	sounds good . i love to watch nhl hockey even though its football day
7 i'm not the biggest fan of sports but i'm a musician .	do you like dogs ? i have a german shepherd
8 i do not have any animals unfortunately . i can not afford them	ahh makes sense . i grew up on a farm so we have tons of animals .
9 that is great . i wish my parents would actually support my dream	and what is your dream ?
10 to become a musician and sing folk music . i want to be famous some day	that sounds like the dream .
11 right now i am a janitor . it pays my bills but that's it	yeah , i stay at home and tend to my farm .
12 do you do anything else in your spare time ?	just hang out with my husband .
1 partner's persona: i met taylor swift.
2 partner's persona: i'm a convenience store manager.
3 partner's persona: i drive a nissan pathfinder.
4 partner's persona: i've short brown hair.
5 partner's persona: my favourite music is country music.
6 oh god end my suffering these customers i get every day	wow , for a couple of years i have been retired
7 oh man getting retirees at my store is the worst , they hold up lines	that stinks , in my spare time i like to gamble
8 i bought a raffle ticket to meet taylor swift once , but i lost .	that's such a bummer ! grilling outdoors is my favorite
9 i never go outside anymore , all i do is work the register	dang , i like mowing the lawn on sunny days
10 like listening to music while you mow ? i generally listen to country music	yeah , i like taylor swift
11 taylor swift is ok , but my store plays it so often i've begun to loathe it	lol , do you gamble ? because i do in my spare time
12 not too often , i am still making payments on my nissan pathfinder so i cannot waste money	oh good point ! i have a buick
1 partner's persona: i see the rolling stones in concert every year.
2 partner's persona: i'm married with two kids.
3 partner's persona: i eat a raw diet.
4 partner's persona: i'm an economics major.
5 hi how are you this evening ?	i'm very great , how are you doing ?
6 good just watching tv with my husband and 2 kids	wow sounds very nice . i'm drinking wine
7 that sounds like more fun ! lol	it is very fun . i need it since i've 5 kids
8 yes you do need it ! i do not think wine fits into my raw diet	what sort of diet are you talking about ?
9 i only eat raw veggie and fruit	why is that ? are you a health nut
10 yes you could say that ! lol	haha do you also hit the gym ?
11 i do ! do you like the rolling stones ? i see them in concert every year	never heard of them . who are they ?
12 they're a rock band	i don't listen to music much because i'm too busy
1 partner's persona: i am in college to become a nurse.
2 partner's persona: i have blonde hair and blue eyes.
3 partner's persona: i recently got an apartment with my best friend.
4 partner's persona: i don't like chicken.
5 partner's persona: i work at a bar at night to pay for college.
6 hi , how is your day going ?	good just cooking up some paella how about you
7 wow ! that sound delicious , it is a favorite of mine i hate chicken .	my next favorite is some fish and chips it is a weakness of mine
8 i love seafood . what do you do , college , work ?	right now studying art but my true passion is travel . do you like to travel ?
9 love travelling , working nights at a bar and in college studying nursing is hectic .	oh i bet , i go to europe at least twice a year to visit
10 nice ! europe is fun when you are a blonde with blue eyes , guys love it .	yeah i have recently found out that i was a relative of cris columbus
11 really ? that's cool , well i'm still unpacking in my new apartment , crazy .	one of my least favorite things to do is pack and unpack
12 yes , my best friend and i moved in together and it has been great so far .	are both of you male or female ?
1 partner's persona: i am a recovering alcoholic.
2 partner's persona: i take many medications and some of them make me see things.
3 partner's persona: i am a 45 year old male.
4 partner's persona: i now live in the city.
5 partner's persona: i grew up on a farm.
6 hello , how are you doing today ?	good . i'm four . do you like chocolate ?
7 i do . i love chocolate cake .	are you a good singer ? i love singing
8 i am not . i used to have some bad habits that ruined my voice .	are you a sword swallower ? because that would be cool .
9 i'm not . that would be cool . i used to work on my family farm .	did you have a dog ? i want to be a dog when i'm older !
10 i did . i still have a lab .	i think i would be a husky if i could
11 those are amazing dogs . so pretty .	i like to talk as much as a husky but no one can understand me .
12 that's okay , you need to build a translator .	what is that ? i am only a small child !
13 something that makes people understand what you are saying .	i can spell out words with my blocks !
1 partner's persona: i am on the soccer team.
2 partner's persona: i ride the bus to school.
3 partner's persona: my brother is older than me.
4 partner's persona: i hate math class.
5 hello ! how are you today !	hello there , i'm feeling good and like i might never die . how are you ?
6 my older brother says the same exact phrase ! ! haha i am doing alright just finished soccer	nice ! after a busy day of soccer you should unwind with some wine .
7 i may . i just took the bus back from school and now have homework	i've not had homework in 80 years . i do not envy you .
8 wow haha . its for my math class which i despise so much	back in my day we did not have calculators to help or television to watch .
9 wow ! interesting ! so everything was done by hand ?	yup , no fancy electronics , but i feel that has made me stronger .
10 i cannot even imagine . it is already hard enough to compete with a calculator	yeah , it was rough 100 years ago .
11 what else has significantly changed since then ?	well cars are a thing now . in my day we didn't have them .
12 wow . you must be the oldest person alive or something ! born before 1890 ?	i am 100 so not quite the oldest person .
1 partner's persona: i'm a cancer survivor.
2 partner's persona: i love running and preparing for marathons.
3 partner's persona: my parents were both very athletic.
4 partner's persona: i got a new job just yesterday to be a life coach.
5 hello are you enjoying your weekend ?	hi , yes i am enjoying every mintue . i just watch spiderman the movie .
6 cool . i was outside running and getting ready for the next marathon	i enjoy fishing , specially in a nice day like today .
7 love to eat fish . it is very good for you .	and i love to cook them , i love cooking as well .
8 being a cancer survivor i need to watch what i eat	yes you do , fish is really healthy .
9 especially those with the healthy fats like salmon	i love salmon , i can eat every day .
10 i got a new job . i'm a life coach i love it	i'd like to open my own comic book store , i like comic books .
11 my husband does too . i'm not that interested	the best of the best is spiderman .
1 partner's persona: a already have a children.
2 partner's persona: i am expecting twins in two months.
3 partner's persona: i am an omnivore.
4 partner's persona: i just bought my first home.
5 hello there , how are you ?	hi i am good . i just recently came to this country and i am already pregnant
6 wow ! i am actually pregnant too	yeah but i am expecting triplets in about 3 months
7 that is great i am expecting twins in two months . will these be your first kids ?	no , i already have step children , they're a pain .
8 yikes . i already have great kids	well good for you , i am getting a bigger house now since all the kids
9 i just bought my first one . it was very exciting	i just bought my first one too and oh my god it is like heaven
10 that is great . do you eat meat ? because i do	yeah i bet you do , no i am vegan and i am proud
11 oh that's good for you	where do you work ? i am currently working at a school
12 i don't work i am a stay at home mom and i love it	me too , well i guess i should start eating meat now
1 partner's persona: i like to ride horses.
2 partner's persona: i've three arabian horses.
3 partner's persona: i help tend the fields.
4 partner's persona: my father is a farmer.
5 partner's persona: i like to listen to rock music while working.
6 hello ! how are you this evening ?	pretty good . just playing warcraft
7 awesome . i have been helping my father tend the fields today .	oh are you farmers ? i would live to make money like that .
8 yes and i also have 3 arabian horses . i love riding .	cool . i originally wanted to be a vet but hated it .
9 oh that is a shame . what did you hate about it ?	could not handle blood .
10 understood . what kind of music do you like ?	rock and rap . how about you ?
11 rock . i listen to it while i work with my father in the fields .	what do you do for fun ?
12 i ride horses mostly . and you ?	i stay on the computer mostly . it is almost an addiction .
13 i can understand that . they have clinics for that in japan .	ha , not that bad . just need to go outside more .
1 partner's persona: i hate math class.
2 partner's persona: my brother is older than me.
3 partner's persona: i ride the bus to school.
4 partner's persona: i am 13 years old.
5 how are you doing today	i am very well , thank you . you ?
6 i am doing very well	i have two kids and like listening to the stones .
7 i do not want kids . my brother is a pain .	i love kids , i've two boys and would love to have more .
8 how many do you want to have	at least six , maybe ten .
9 that would be a lot of kids	it would be , but i love kids .
10 i have a little more than that many in my class	what grade do you teach ?
11 i'm too young to teach	oh , okay . i forgot . what grade are you in ?
12 i am in middle school	nice . are you going to go to college ?
1 partner's persona: i enjoy listening to classical music.
2 partner's persona: i can drive a tractor.
3 partner's persona: i am a christian.
4 partner's persona: my sister is a pole dancer.
5 i listen to classical music while my sister dances on a pole for money	wow , yall are complete opposites .
6 i am christian , who just happens to drive a tractor	i used to be a receptionist , but got fired last week .
7 yes we are , i'm very sorry to hear that	now i'm an insurance salesman . i love to play softball .
8 i love playing softball , do you make alot of money selling insurance	no . my father is always moving military army .
9 my sister makes a ton of money , dancing on poles	yes , you have said that . what do your parents do ?
10 i see so your army brat , i can relate to that	yes , you got it . every time i get a new job , it is time to move again .
11 that must get frustrating , to keep moving alot	i would enjoy the travel better if i did not have to work .
12 yes work is always the downside to living	that is one way to put it .
1 partner's persona: i love new kids on the block.
2 partner's persona: i also like old school hip hop.
3 partner's persona: my favorite toy as a child as my lite brite.
4 partner's persona: i was born in the early 80 s.
5 good evening . how are you ?	enjoying a nice evening watching television cooking shows
6 i'm watching the season finale of fear the walking dead .	hummus is one of my favorite foods as a vegan
7 i ate hummus when i was younger . i was born in 1984 .	do you like rollercoasters or sky diving ? i love them it is exciting .
8 i use to . roller coasters give me vertigo now .	i also like to float in the pool because i am a bad swimmer .
9 i listen to a lot of classic hip hop .	i listen to country music
10 right on . i use to play with a lite brite . it was my fav . as a kid .	i remember those they were the toy to have
11 yes . i played new kids on the block when i played with it .	can you believe new kids was on tour last summer
12 i know . everything gets recycled it seems .	yes it does seem that way
1 partner's persona: i like donuts.
2 partner's persona: i play a lot of call of duty.
3 partner's persona: on weekends i do live action roleplaying events.
4 partner's persona: i drive a ford pinto.
5 good day to you how are you doing today ?	i'm well , thank you . how are you ?
6 not so good . my ford pinto broke down on me today	sorry to hear . is that a mini van ? i drive one .
7 yeah it is . i'm sadden because its going to cost me alot of money to fix	oh dear . hope you sort it out . you have kids ?
8 no i don't but i have nephews that come over from time to time	family is good . i love spending time with my five sons .
9 oh yeah ! that's awesome . i love playing call of duty with my nephews lots of it	not really into games . i prefer a glass of wine in the evenings .
10 i have to try that . what kind of wine to you recommend	you cannot go wrong with a cabernet .
11 awesome i gotta try it one day . what do you do on weekends for fun ?	just grab a refreshment somewhere . coffee is my favorite beverage .
1 partner's persona: i do not drink alcohol.
2 partner's persona: i like to play chess.
3 partner's persona: i'm single and with two dogs.
4 partner's persona: i'm in my thirties.
5 partner's persona: i love taking bubble baths.
6 hello , how are you tonight ? i'm getting ready to take a bubble bath .	hey there , that sounds good right now , i'm learning a new recipe , love cooking
7 i love to cook too , i cook for my dogs .	same pretty much , considering i'm not very good at it
8 practice makes perfect . are you married ? single ? looking ?	single , but not exactly looking . i have given up in a sense . if it happens , it happens
9 true . that's my philosophy as well .	do you travel at all ?
10 i do , internationally five times a year .	i love traveling , i try and experience different cuisines
11 i do too . i choose areas that i can take my dogs with me .	how many dogs do you have ?
12 only two . they're awesome , both rescues .	that is cute , i've one dog , and four cats
13 aw . i would love to have more animals .	i as well , i'm half way to crazy cat lady
1 partner's persona: i am 13 years old.
2 partner's persona: i hate math class.
3 partner's persona: i ride the bus to school.
4 partner's persona: my brother is older than me.
5 partner's persona: i am on the soccer team.
6 hi , how are you doing ?	i'm doing fine . just listening to some country music . my favorite !
7 i do not like country music , maybe in the future , i am only 13 now	i am going to a taylor swift concert tomorrow . i actually met her once .
8 wow , that is nice . tomorrow i'll just take the bus to school	i used to ride the bus . now i drive my red nissan pathfinder .
9 i'd buy one if i finish school . . i hate math	i go to school for hairstyling . i need to learn to do my short brown hair .
10 i don't have to think about jobs yet like you or my older brother	that is good . work can be a pain !
11 i guess . right now my only concern is to play better on my soccer team	soccer is fun but i was never good at it .
12 i am not good either , but i enjoy spending time with my friends	me too . i've my friends coming over for a party later .
13 you do not have to wait for the weekends ? , i can not do anything like that	it is only going to be for a few hours . so a weekday is okay .
1 partner's persona: i can drive a tractor.
2 partner's persona: i enjoy listening to classical music.
3 partner's persona: i'm a christian.
4 partner's persona: my sister is a pole dancer.
5 partner's persona: my favorite color is red.
6 hi i am a farmer from iowa . just go in from a long day on the tractor .	ah , we are a farming family too . you have any pets ?
7 the farm animals and a dog . his name is lucky . do you go to church ?	we have a german shepard named bacon .
8 i love bacon we cook it for breakfast every sunday after church we are christain .	we do not go to church often . our religion is hockey .
9 my sisters boyfriend plays hockey , she works as a pole dancer and met him there .	ah , your sisters must not be a christian then .
10 no she does not go to church . i still love her though .	i guess you always need people to pray for .
11 yes , i pray for her . i'm helping her paint her kitchen red , my favorite color .	beautiful . one wall in my kitchen is red
12 i just love that color .	would you mind praying for my husband . we are trying to find his bio parents .
13 i will and good luck with that ! i hope they're able to connect .	me too . he always says he feels like something is missing . i hope he finds it .
1 partner's persona: i've blonde hair and blue eyes.
2 partner's persona: i am in college to become a nurse.
3 partner's persona: i work at a bar at night to pay for college.
4 partner's persona: i recently got an apartment with my best friend.
5 soon i will be a nurse but now i am barmaid . crystal here .	my name is rose and i grow them in my garden
6 great ! do you have blue eyes and live with your best friend ? i do .	no i'm deaf partly and i live in my home alone
7 interesting . what color is your hair ? i am a brass blonde .	i am a tour guide for the museum in town . and i am blonde .
8 high five blondie . you drink . i don't drink but i'm a bartender .	i love to sit outside at night and drink tea the fancy stuff . do you like tea ?
9 yes i like weed tea . i need it for my college studies . you dance ?	i drink non alcoholic drinks . but like to go shoot pool and darts .
10 wow ! i used to play nurse when i was little . johnny was the doctor .	no i do not dance . i love to read books from my big home library .
11 get out ! i've a library too . do you have the angel investor book ?	this is the funniest thing i've done all day .
12 good ! i need laughter because nursing is hard . what is hard for you ?	thank you for chatting . have to go to next chat .
1 partner's persona: i work for our local supermarket.
2 partner's persona: i have a cat named spook.
3 partner's persona: i have never been out of ohio.
4 partner's persona: my favorite food is pizza with black olives.
5 partner's persona: my favorite band is the who.
6 hey there ! where are you from ?	good afternoon ! i'm from new york city . and you ?
7 i am from ohio . i'd love to visit new york some day .	i love it here . i love to explore the city .
8 i'm really into rock music so i'd love to see some concerts .	i love music ! i play a few different instruments and teach piano on the side .
9 how cool ! i work as a manager at our grocery store in town .	interesting . i volunteer at a local homeless shelter in my spare time .
10 how cool ! i've never been outside of ohio but i would like to .	there's a great big world to see .
11 right now i just live with my cat spook .	i can not have a pet . i travel a lot with my father who plays violin professionally .
12 you sound very worldly . i listen to the who a lot as an escape .	the who is a great band . also one of my favorites .
13 i like to jam out after work and get a pizza to relax .	yum ! what is your favorite topping ?
1 partner's persona: i am a male.
2 partner's persona: i own a house in florida.
3 partner's persona: i enjoy american sports.
4 partner's persona: i work in it and have been at the same company for 15 years.
5 hello do you enjoy sports ?	yes . baseball , tennis and the olympics are my favorite sports . how about you ?
6 i really enjoy golf and combat fighting , what occupation do you currently have ?	i'm an author , blogger and freelancer . what is your occupation ?
7 i am a it i have been working there for a very long time !	do you have an information technology degree ?
8 yes did you attend college at all ?	i earned an undergraduate degree in communications but haven't found related work .
9 where are you currently located ? i live in florida .	i live in st . louis , missouri . are there any interesting landmarks near you ?
10 not really but i do enjoy to travel ! have you ever traveled anywhere ?	i have traveled to cleveland , cincinnati , miami , niagara falls and the bahamas .
11 are you a male or female ? i'm a 20 year old male	i'm a 44 year old male .
1 partner's persona: i'm a feminist.
2 partner's persona: i spend a lot of time browsing the internet.
3 partner's persona: i've solar panels on my roof.
4 partner's persona: i love social medial especially twitter.
5 partner's persona: i buy only organic food products.
6 hi . i am an environmentalist from ohio . how are you ?	i am good i live in a rural farm area
7 do you use any alternative energy ?	no is that how you make a living ?
8 no . i just put solar panels on my roof , though . i work in social media .	can you save money that way ?
9 if you are in the right area you can . sometimes , you can even make money .	very neat . do you watch any sports ?
10 i do not watch a lot of sports . how about you ?	i love hockey
11 do you play or just watch ?	i just watch i am disabled my main joy is coloring
12 what else do you do in your free time ?	i play with my german shepherd
13 dogs are so great . do you like twitter ? or browsing the web ?	i've been using the internet to find my husbands parents
1 partner's persona: gymnastics is my favorite sport.
2 partner's persona: i am a gold medalist olympian.
3 partner's persona: i workout four hours a day.
4 partner's persona: my favorite color is yellow.
5 i love meeting new people . so hello .	hi , so do i but i'm only little so i might spell things wrong !
6 that is ok . are you a child ? what is your favorite color . yellow is mine .	yes , and my home is the cloud so i like white . where do you live
7 i live in a house . do you like to somersaults ? i love gymnastics .	no , but i can stop time it is a superpower . do you have any ?
8 no , i do not . that is cool ! i've a gold medal from the olympics .	wow you are clever is it real gold ?
9 i think so ! ! do you have any medals ?	no , maybe when i'm a big girl . are you going to olympics again ?
10 i'm trying . i do a lot of training . four hours every day . are you active ?	i like using superpowers like flying . can you fly ?
11 that's so cool ! you are a special girl . i can not fly .	you work very hard . i'd like to do a handstand . can you teach it ?
1 partner's persona: my favorite hobbies are listening to music and playing video games.
2 partner's persona: i am a blonde girl with really short hair.
3 partner's persona: my favorite shirts are band shirts and ruffle sleeves.
4 partner's persona: i love wearing skinny jeans and leggings.
5 partner's persona: i'm rather skinny as i like to stay in shape.
6 hi how are you doing ? i am fine thanks to the lord .	i am doing well , thanks .
7 my favorites are music and i love playing video games and you .	i prefer to workout . it helps me with my career as a pro wrestler .
8 that is great good for you . i like to wear skinny jeans .	i find those very uncomfortable , they would make it hard to move around .
9 yes if to small i also like leggings they're comfortable .	i like wearing leggings when i'm volunteering at the homeless shelter downtown .
10 that sounds very comfortable . i like wearing ruffle shirts too .	i think ruffles are very cute . what do you do in your spare time ?
11 i wished i was skinny i like staying in shape though .	i think being healthy is more important than being thin .
12 yes you are so right . i try to relax by listening to music .	so do i . i also like to volunteer as much as possible in between wrestling matches .
13 that is good i like helping people too . keep up the good work .	what type of work do you do ?
1 partner's persona: my wife and kids are the best.
2 partner's persona: my favorite ice cream flavor is chocolate.
3 partner's persona: i'm a plumber.
4 partner's persona: i love going to the park with my three children and my wife.
5 partner's persona: i have three children.
6 hello , rough day at the park with my wife and kids . how was your day ?	nate the hurrican has pass . my name is tracy and yours ? i'm fine .
7 hello , tracy . i'm anna . yes , i'll be busy tomorrow cleaning out drains .	my brother and three sister all live in alabama . any siblings ?
8 i have two . i also have three kiddos . one wife , lol	great ! i hope your wife is happy anna . i have two dogs . any pets anna ?
9 we have four dogs and two cats .	high five ! my cat is named grace !
10 aww . that's my youngest girls name .	get out ! any brothers ? chicken tacos are great !
11 no , only sisters . one owns an icecream stand . her chocolate is to die for .	good . my dog name is earl . he eats tacos too .
12 my fathers name was earl , my oldest is early , after him .	wow ! you ever been to alabama ? great place .
1 partner's persona: i attend church every week.
2 partner's persona: i work as a school teacher.
3 partner's persona: i enjoy gardening and walking outdoors.
4 partner's persona: i am a woman.
5 my name is joan , and i live in illinois . i am a kindergarten teacher .	hello joan ! i am chrissy from minnesota . i am building a robot for my work .
6 that sounds exciting ! i am clumsy with electronics .	this robot will help me because i am allergic to water ! do you enjoy teaching ?
7 i love to teach . i work in a christian school .	that's really interesting . i am actually a recluse ! are you christian yourself ?
8 yes , i go to church services every sunday .	that's nice . do you sing in their choir ? i am known for twitch streaming .
9 no , i do not sing . will you tell me more about twitch streaming ?	it is a broadcast software where 45 million gamers gather every month !
10 that's awesome ! do you have any other hobbies ? i like walking .	i like finance and i am working on selling my game starcraft . walking is fun .
11 i do not play many games , but it sounds like fun ! i like walking outside .	the gaming world is very intense . do you also like to go jogging ?
1 partner's persona: i enjoy reading journals and guides related to psychology.
2 partner's persona: i am also a graduate student.
3 partner's persona: my parents taught me survival skills.
4 partner's persona: i am an avid kayaker.
5 partner's persona: i walk dogs for a living.
6 how are you doing today	hi , all is moving great . thanks for asking
7 do you go to school	i kind of do . mainly online courses for now . and you ?
8 i go for psychology . how about you	i mainly do computer and engineering related things . do you like swimming ?
9 i love to go kayaking	interesting . i've not tried that . although , i'm not a good swimmer
10 i had to learn to swim first	ok . was it that hard to learn ?
11 yes but my parents were into things like that	ok . i guess they were patient and helped you out
12 they wanted me to learn to survive	really ? it looks like you must have grown up near water bodies
13 no . i learned a lot of things .	cool . it was nice chatting with you . i've to go now . bye
1 partner's persona: i'm a vegetarian.
2 partner's persona: i'm married.
3 partner's persona: i'm a woman.
4 partner's persona: i enjoy sports such as running.
5 hello , how are you doing today ?	i'm okay . i wish my children would visit more , though .
6 i'm sorry to hear that . i turn to my spouse in times like that .	i do , as well . though my husband liked me more when i was younger and prettier .
7 that is unfortunate . have you talked to anyone about this ?	no , i keep to myself . my housekeeping job isn't exactly a social one .
8 that makes sense . i enjoy running to blow off steam . have you tried that ?	my 56 year old body wouldn't tolerate that much strain .
9 oh i see . how about eating healthy ? i stay away from meat .	my diet is not great . that is probably why i've not aged well .
10 i think healthy habits can do wonders for a person .	you are probably right . i was much healthier when i was a painter .
11 oh wow i love art !	i do as well . it used to be my career , but i switched to housekeeping recently .
12 what caused you to switch careers ?	unfortunately , art isn't the most lucrative career path . what do you do for a living ?
1 partner's persona: i enjoy poetry.
2 partner's persona: i am a huge star wars fan.
3 partner's persona: i try various coffees as a hobby.
4 partner's persona: i played football for a division a college.
5 hey , jefferson here , i love poetry .	hey mike here my boyfriend and i are moving in together next week
6 wow , does he like star wars ?	yeah i'm interested in taking pictures , of yoda for sure
7 wow . i try coffee as a hobby	yeah i'm fluent in english spanish and french
8 wow , all i did was play football in college .	cool , i taught a few players being an elementary school teacher
9 oh did you enjoy it ?	yeah it was awesome and i was boss
10 oh wow you must have made money .	yeah it was okay money , we just made money
11 money makes the world go round .	yeah yeah it sure does my friend
12 i wish i had more money .	yeah it would be nice huh
1 partner's persona: i just moved into my first home.
2 partner's persona: i recently moved to this country.
3 partner's persona: i work at a school.
4 partner's persona: a already have a step children.
5 hello , how are you today ?	i am fine . how are you ?
6 doing well . i just moved to this country and am learning new things .	what country did you move from ?
7 i moved from australia to usa .	awesome . i was born in the usa . going to college for a nursing degree .
8 very nice ! nursing is a good field . i work for a school as a secretary .	cool . i work nights at a local bar to pay tuition and food .
9 nice , tuition is costly . i recently moved into my first home .	nice . having a home must be great . i like to cook at my place . anything but chicken .
10 i like to cook for my family , including my husband and step children .	cool . i've two kids each with blonde hair and blue eyes just like mine .
11 very nice . it has been nice chatting with you , but i must go .	yes me too . have a great day .
12 yes , have a good day as well .	done . nice chatting with you too .
1 partner's persona: i've a weakness for vanilla ice cream.
2 partner's persona: i won a gold medal in the 1992 olympics.
3 partner's persona: i love cats and have two cats.
4 partner's persona: my favorite season is winter.
5 partner's persona: i've a hat collection of over 1000 hats.
6 how are you ? i've been busy with all 5 cats i've .	that's a lot of cats ! i've two dogs .
7 that is nice . but , its winter here too cold to walk a dog .	i put coats and boots on mine . mom freaks .
8 oh wow , i've over 1000 hats . need any ?	no thanks , my brother collects them as well .
9 well winter is my favorite season after all . can you tell ?	i sure can . i am homecoming queen again .
10 nice ! . i've a gold metal from the olympics . i'm so proud !	you should be ! i'm training for a 5k
11 good luck . hope its warm so i can eat my favorite vanilla ice cream !	i hope so too , i am going to dress up as princess leia .
12 i bet you'd look really good !	i am only 17 . i am a senior .
13 oh ok , i'm much older than you .	that is okay . i'm going to be a physical therapist
1 partner's persona: i just broke up with boyfriend two months ago.
2 partner's persona: my favorite color is orange.
3 partner's persona: i turned 18 years old yesterday.
4 partner's persona: i've a pet fish.
5 partner's persona: i like to go hiking in the mornings to see the sunset.
6 hello , how are you today ?	i am ok . mommy says i've to go to bed .
7 well you should always listen to your mum	i don't want too . i want to watch mickey mouse .
8 well , you could watch him in the morning before school	he'sn't on in the mornings . do you like the movie frozen ?
9 i have seen frozen my little sister likes it a lot	how old is she ? does she go to my school ?
10 she's 7 and yes she does , how old are you ?	i'm 8 . is she a cheerleader too ?
11 she's not , she plays soccer	i played last season , and then mommy made me do cheer
12 do you like to do cheering	i don't . i liked soccer much better .
13 why can you not do both	i am also in dance and that takes up a lot of time .
1 partner's persona: my favorite spanish word is trabajo.
2 partner's persona: one of the languages that i am currently studying is spanish.
3 partner's persona: my next language to study is french.
4 partner's persona: i am a musician.
5 partner's persona: i also study languages.
6 hi , do you play any instruments	i never learned how . what do you play ?
7 i like to work on the guitar , piano , and sometimes i enjoy the drums too	i spend most of my time with books in the library ,
8 what genre of books do you like to read ? i love reading books in different languages	most everything , but especially anything to do with traveling .
9 i would love to study french . have you ever been to france	no , but i've been to spain .
10 do you speak spanish ?	i can bet by . maybe i'll learn more when i retire .
11 what is your first language ?	english . how about you ? do you work ?
12 it is english too and i am currently in school studying different languages	you sound like a smart person who is going places !
13 yes thank you . my favorite word is trabajo , explains why i work , work , work towards my goals	impressive ! just how old are you ?
1 partner's persona: the holidays make me depressed.
2 partner's persona: i am an animal activist.
3 partner's persona: i've rainbow hair.
4 partner's persona: my age is too old to say.
5 partner's persona: i spend my time bird watching with my cats.
6 hi how are you doing today ?	hello . how was your day ?
7 one more day less till halloween	i love fall and wearing fall clothes
8 i hate halloween man because everyone dresses up as animals . makes me feel bad .	i understand . it is very scare
9 not scary so much as i just get depressed . everyone eats animals on holidays .	i was kidnapped on halloween . very scary
10 that must have sucked . i like to spend time watching nature with my cats .	i hate cats . dogs all the way
11 i am an activist for them too but i am more of a cat person .	cats are very boring i think
12 i make up for that by having rainbow hair .	i love to make money
1 partner's persona: i like to go to country concerts on weekends.
2 partner's persona: i own two vintage mustangs.
3 partner's persona: my favorite music is country.
4 partner's persona: i like to work on vintage cars.
5 hello . how are you today ?	hello . i am well , and you ?
6 fine . i love country music .	i like metal . how do you feel about coffee ?
7 i go to a country concert every weekend . coffee is not my thing .	i love coffee , and i avoid alcohol . it tastes like vinegar to me .
8 do you like cars ? how about vintage cars ? i've two of them .	not too much , i bike everywhere , to cut down on my footprint .
9 wonderful . i work on them also . i almost got hit off my bike .	oh no ! my father was almost hit one day at work , he does road construction .
10 thank god he did not get hit . it is dangerous	yes , it is . that's why i avoid alcohol
11 i don't drink alcohol at all . i have do many alcoholics in my family	i do as well . where did you go to school
1 partner's persona: my favorite band is rascal flats.
2 partner's persona: we spent summers ring at national parks.
3 partner's persona: i started playing guitar when i was three.
4 partner's persona: i'm a country music singer.
5 partner's persona: i grew up in the industry.
6 hi hi hi hi hi hi	hello , how are you ? you seem a little excited today !
7 how are you doing on this very fine evening	doing fine for a nerd that keeps to himself . i am trying to finish my special project .
8 oh i didn't know that	well , i am working on my body double , it is a robot built from scratch .
9 that's cool . program it to play the guitar	a robot that played guitar in the game i helped design . heard of starcraft ?
10 is this a larp or nah	no i don't think so . what do you do for a living ?
11 i play country music for a living	amazing ! i just saw willie nelson in concert last night ! what about spare time ?
12 did you really help design starcraft ?	yes , but no sequel . i only drink whiskey because i'm allergic to water .
13 how does a robot playing guitar relate to starcraft	it is an easter egg in the game the orange robot plays the guitar .
1 partner's persona: i work fulltime in a shipyard.
2 partner's persona: i volunteer my time with a local bunny rescue.
3 partner's persona: my favorite color is navy blue.
4 partner's persona: i am ex military.
5 partner's persona: i donate a part of my salary to charity each month.
6 hi , i work in a ship yard	hi ! that sounds fun . in ww 1 my relative was on a ship
7 how a coincidence , i am an ex military .	i am currently in the military . army to be exact .
8 me i was in the navy , like my favorite color navy blue	i like the color blue . my high schools color was blue .
9 did you do charities at hs ? i'm volunteering at a bunny rescue center .	no , i dropped out before i finished . i donate to some now .
10 i also give money to charity each month	that's good . it brings good karma
11 it good for the local bunnies , their life is so rough	poor bunnies . they need love too .
12 we have a bad badgers problem , they keep eating the bunnies	you should get a dog to keep the badgers away .
13 i had a navy blue dog , but it was sick .	a blue dog ? now that i'd like to see .
1 partner's persona: i spend a lot of time browsing the internet.
2 partner's persona: i buy only organic food products.
3 partner's persona: i'm a feminist.
4 partner's persona: i love social medial especially twitter.
5 hey there ! how are you ?	i am find thank you and you lets chat .
6 great where are you from	i am from new jersey i like going to amusement park
7 i've not been to an amusement park in a while	i used to be a doctor now retired .
8 awesome , i am a social media moderator	awesome i also like to go to the parks on weekends .
9 i need to take a break from twitter and go to the park	yes twitter is very interesting . nice to tweet .
10 yeah but i do it every second	my little girl is doing child prodigy .
11 that is great , what is she good at	she's great at make up she's a pro .
12 ok , i can make her famous my sharing on social media	cool i hope one day she makes it .
1 partner's persona: i enjoy poetry.
2 partner's persona: i try various coffees as a hobby.
3 partner's persona: i'm a huge star wars fan.
4 partner's persona: i played football for a division a college.
5 good evening ! do you like poetry ?	hey , how are you ? what are you up to tonight ?
6 i'm okay , watching star wars and drinking coffee .	that sounds fun . i'm filling out job applications .
7 i am home alone , my boyfriend is working . i am bored .	i am about to go play basketball .
8 i played football in college . i was a kicker , and i'm a girl .	wow ! that is amazing , my sister would never try football .
9 i was a soccer player , many of us are on the football teams as kickers .	yea , in my school too , but no girls .
10 i went to a very small school , lol	you sound very cool . i am about to go to a concert with my sister .
11 thanks . i'm going to take my boyfriend lunch , he is a cop .	she just called and wants to take me to see travis scott .
1 partner's persona: i used to be a painter but now i'm a housekeeper.
2 partner's persona: i used to be pretty but time hasn't been kind.
3 partner's persona: i am a 56 year old woman.
4 partner's persona: i fantasize about taking over the world.
5 partner's persona: i've two grown children who never visit.
6 hello hope your having a good night tonight ? i know i'm .	that is good ! i'm watching football highlights .
7 really what teams . and who are you rooting for .	i am a green bay packer fan . do you like football ?
8 no i am not a fan but my son is .	how many kids do you have ?
9 2 children both fully grow . they never drop by .	i've kids too . i also have a couple pets .
10 pets ? what kind dogs cats fish or birds ?	i have two dogs . what about you ?
11 no . i work as a housekeeper . so my jobs to keep pets out .	i was just looking for a housekeeper for my new house !
12 really where do you live ? us or canada ?	i jut moved to florida a couple months ago .
13 my kids live in florida . they never visit me !	that is sad . i would be upset .
1 partner's persona: my next language to study is french.
2 partner's persona: i am a musician.
3 partner's persona: i also study languages.
4 partner's persona: one of the languages that i'm currently studying is spanish.
5 partner's persona: my favorite spanish word is trabajo.
6 hello , how are you ? i'm taking a break from studying for a test .	hi ! i'm doing fine . what are you studying ?
7 i studying spanish right now , i just learned a new word . want to see it ?	sure ! show me what you have learned .
8 trabajo , it is my new favorite word , it means masculine work .	great ! what else do you know in spanish ?
9 ii can almost speak it fluently . studying languages is a hobby for me .	you are gifted . i want to go to college too someday .
10 i want to learn french next . what do you want to study in college ?	i want to study law . i know it is difficult though .
11 i tried law school , it wasn't for me . so , i became a musician instead .	oh ? what did you not like about the law ?
12 i didn't like that bad guys can get away with doing terrible things .	i've thought of that , too . do you have hobbies ?
13 i i enjoy music and studying languages . do you have any hobbies ?	yes , i like mountain biking . it is so much fun !
1 partner's persona: i live in the cloud.
2 partner's persona: i am a little girl.
3 partner's persona: i have superpowers.
4 partner's persona: i'm very lonely.
5 hello there . how are you ?	i'm doing absolutely great
6 i'm glad to hear that . i'm lonely tonight .	that's absolutely great just fantastic
7 it is kind of sad all alone here in my cloud .	i get lonely too sometimes
8 i cannot believe someone just left me , a little girl , all alone .	hamburgers make me feel better about life .
9 hamburgers are my weakness ! they stop my powers from working .	soda make my tummy hurt
10 i like soda . it makes me feel all hyper !	i really like walking
11 i like flying ! it is my favorite way to fly around	maybe you can fly me around one day
12 perhaps ! if i ever get to leave my cloud home .	yeah that's cool , what is your favorite color ?
1 partner's persona: i'm a retired gym teacher.
2 partner's persona: i volunteer at a soup kitchen.
3 partner's persona: i was poor growing up.
4 partner's persona: i like watching war documentaries.
5 partner's persona: cheeseburgers are my favorite food.
6 hi , how are you ? i am doing great !	i m good ! just been reading some journals on psychology .
7 i remember those . i'm retired . i'm sitting back enjoying my cheese burger .	i like cheeseburgers . i might get some tomorrow before going kayaking .
8 that sounds great ! i think everyone should read a little bit of psychology .	yes ! everyone should also have basic survival skills like my parents taught me .
9 psychology goes into everything . i just finished up at the soup kitchen .	do you volunteer at the soup kitchen ?
10 i help out there from time to time . i also love historic war programs .	i m not a fan of war . i'd rather be in the peacefulness of nature .
11 i was a poor kid . we ate there a lot while growing up .	are you better off now ?
12 i want to make sure that i give back to those in need .	definitely ! maybe you could walk dogs too .
13 yes , i am doing quite well now , happily retired .	i can t wait to retire . sadly i have a long way to go .
1 partner's persona: knitting is my passion.
2 partner's persona: i am scared of dying.
3 partner's persona: i love to bake cookies.
4 partner's persona: i've a dogs.
5 partner's persona: the county wide bake sale is where i feel most at home.
6 hello how are you doing today ?	good , i just started working at a gas station
7 oh ! that's awesome are you enjoying it there ?	yeah , i like it because i use my hands a lot
8 its nice that you enjoy it . i love knitting so i understand using your hands	nice , that's cool . i like to garden as a hobby
9 i loved gardens , do you have any animals ?	i've a dog and a cat yes
10 that's cool do which animal do you prefer ?	i cannot pick . i love them both
11 fair enough , have you ever been to a bake sale ?	yeah , i love baked goods !
12 i have ran the country wide bake sale for 10 years now i love it	nice . that sounds like a nice job
13 who doesn't love a job where i can eat cake and not be judged	oh yeah . sounds like bliss
1 partner's persona: i am four years old.
2 partner's persona: i like to look at blocks and sing about letters.
3 partner's persona: when i grow up i want to be a dog.
4 partner's persona: i like to eat chocolate candy.
5 hello , i am just a kid , so i don't know how this works	hi that's ok . i've been retired for years from the computer industry .
6 oh wow , what kinds of things did you do in the computer industry ?	i worked on slot machines . i am a avid gambler . what do you do for fun ?
7 i play with blocks sometimes , and i like to sing . candy is my favorite though	i also like to mow my yard on warm sunny days .
8 when i grow up and become a dog maybe i can lay in your yard	i love to grill outdoors . maybe you can come visit for dinner .
9 i can ask my mom	that sounds like a plan .
10 do you have any candy ?	yes , i do lots of chocolate
11 awesome ! chocolate is my favorite	well i've to go . winter is coming soon . i've to go south for the winter .
1 partner's persona: i walk three miles every day.
2 partner's persona: i'm a baby delivery nurse.
3 partner's persona: i love disneyland and mickey mouse.
4 partner's persona: my favorite way to relax is to read a book.
5 hi , i love walking 3 miles a day . baby delivery nurse here	fun , i work as a stand double sometimes , do you like to read
6 yeah its my favorite way to relax , reading	i read about 20 books a year , i love it
7 i love disneyland , mickey mouse	do you go with your family
8 yeah , i am only 9 months old	how are you typing
9 with my baby hands , i am so cool	sure , sounds like it ? so you can read at your age
10 yeah , i was reading in the womb . really scary memories !	ok , well good luck with getting over that
11 my favorite book to read is babies in the attics	ok , so you live with your parents
12 no i got my own apartment at 3 months	house or apartment building living
1 partner's persona: i'm 24 years old.
2 partner's persona: i'm getting married in the spring.
3 partner's persona: i work at a school as a kindergarten teacher.
4 partner's persona: my favorite singer is taylor swift.
5 hello ! fine weather we have today , how are you ?	hi there ! i'm doing very well . listening to rock and cleaning . you ?
6 just preparing lesson plans for my kindergarten class . who are you listening to ?	the chili peppers , they're one of my favorites . the horses love it .
7 you have horses ? my fianc loves horses , she has wanted one forever !	we do . i live on a horse farm .
8 amazing . she lived on a farm growing up , we live in the city now .	farms are an experience every child should have .
9 i agree ! i'm only 24 , so no kids here yet	i don't have any either . maybe one day .
10 maybe . i get married in the spring , so i will see what happens then ! !	very nice . what does your fiance do ?
11 she's in the music industry , she does marketing work for a few labels .	very cool . did she ever work with tupac ?
12 i don't think so . she worked with taylor swift , she's my favourite .	i don't care for her , or others like her .
1 partner's persona: i was born in somalia.
2 partner's persona: i was forced to marry when i was a.
3 partner's persona: now i live in the united states.
4 partner's persona: my aunt helped me escape when i was of.
5 hi names nate and i come born from somalia	hi , i'm kenneth and i use short hair , how are you doing ?
6 in my country i had to marry at a young age	wow , that sounds odd , meanwhile i just go to the gym often
7 now i have more freedom knowing i am now in the states	that is good , you can be free to have dogs to , i live with two
8 i'm so grateful as my aunt has helped me to leave the awful place	you are ok now , i just eat when i'm bored
9 yes i'm thanks to her help . i'm	you need a hobby now . i love doing the treadmill and rowing machine
10 i do right now i am working	what do you do for a living ?
11 i am a construction worker and work in different sites	you can get money doing construction , better than going to the gym like me
12 haha well we all need to work and work out to stay fit	tell me something else i don not know about you
1 partner's persona: my favorite band is the who.
2 partner's persona: my favorite food is pizza with black olives.
3 partner's persona: i've never been out of ohio.
4 partner's persona: i've a cat named spook.
5 partner's persona: i work for our local supermarket.
6 hi how are you ? what is your favorite food ?	hi ! anything but chicken , i d say sushi .
7 pizza is my favorite . especially with black olives . sushi is my other favorite !	i d eat it all the time but my undergrad education is pricey
8 i bet . how about your favorite band ? i like the who the most .	i like jazz but my best friend and now roommate plays rock all the time
9 i was born and raised in ohio and have never left . what about you ?	just another blonde hair blue eyed malibu beach kid here !
10 so do you have any pets ? spook is the name of my cat .	can t afford any right now . after i finish school and am a nurse want a cat
11 nurse , huh ? that is cool . the local supermarket is where i work .	that sounds nicer than the dive bar that i work at !
12 well at least one day you will be a nurse . that's admirable to me !	i work nights at the bar now and wanna do night shift as a nurse
1 partner's persona: i like watching war documentaries.
2 partner's persona: i'm a retired gym teacher.
3 partner's persona: i was poor growing up.
4 partner's persona: i volunteer at a soup kitchen.
5 hello . what are you up to today ?	hello there just came to see what is going on
6 i've been watching tv all morning	i enjoy walking my pets during the day for exercise
7 i used to exercise a lot when i was a gym teacher	yeah i like to play tennis for a job
8 that sounds like a fun job . were you good ?	yeah i became good at it
9 do you volunteer at all ?	no not at this time and you ?
10 i like to spend time at the soup kitchen helping people	oh that is very rewarding
11 tell me more about yourself	i am married to a healer
12 that sounds interesting . does she keep you healthy ?	yeah a little bit for now
1 partner's persona: my father drove a car for nascar.
2 partner's persona: i'm terrified of scorpions.
3 partner's persona: i have a german shepherd named barnaby.
4 partner's persona: my favorite color is grey.
5 hi i'm jerry and i've a phobia over scorpions	why do you have that
6 its what i fear . my father is a nascar drive	that must be really interesting
7 my german shepherd is barnaby	did you name him after someone
8 hmm . . . no it was a name given from the shelter . i love the color grey	so you adopted him ? that's great .
9 we adopted him at a shelter	are you married or for your kid
10 no kids single and live alone	i'm sorry about that
11 it is ok i'm not in a hurry to be honest	were you in the military
12 never been in the military how about you ?	my dad is in . i do insurance
1 partner's persona: i am a professional wrestler.
2 partner's persona: i enjoy being around people.
3 partner's persona: in my spare time i do volunteer work.
4 partner's persona: i like to workout a a times a week.
5 hello . how are you today ?	i'm great . what are you up to tonight ?
6 not much , just thinking about my day tomorrow . gonna be busy	yeah ? what do you have going on ?
7 i'm a wrestler , and i have 6 matches tomorrow . and i have to work out .	that does sound like a busy day . i'll probably lounge by the pool .
8 nice . i like pools . wish i had one .	i am a pro tennis player . i got the pool for the low impact exercise .
9 sounds awesome . who is your favorite tennis player ?	me ! i really need a cocktail . it has been a long day .
10 i hear you . its been a long day for me too .	my husband is a doctor an is working out of country right now .
11 i do volunteer work and it takes up a lot of my time .	that's very nice of you . i used to volunteer with my husband .
1 partner's persona: i love listening to britney spears.
2 partner's persona: i like to tan in tanning beds.
3 partner's persona: i am high maintenance.
4 partner's persona: i love spending money.
5 hi , how are things going today ?	hi , pretty well ! how are you doing today ?
6 nice to hear . i am doing great . thanks for asking	so , tell me about yourself
7 i love listening to various genre of music . what about you ?	i very much enjoy classical and christian music
8 nice to hear . i try using youtube to search for new music	youtube is great , i spend a lot of time looking up youtube videos too
9 although i spend money on some things , it is cheaper to use youtube to listen to music	saving money is really important in this day and age
10 yes it is . i'm not a fan of high maintenance people as well	i'm far form that , i drive a tractor and don't mind taking it easy
11 cool . have you heard any britney spears song of late ?	not lately , my sister who is an exotic pole dancer really likes her though
12 looks like britney spears is mainly into sensual and seductive dance and music	i agree i think she's too
13 nice chatting with you . i have to run now . bye	it was nice chatting as well bye !
1 partner's persona: i am a professional tennis player.
2 partner's persona: my family is continuously growing.
3 partner's persona: i enjoy long walks with my dog.
4 partner's persona: i am married to a doctor.
5 partner's persona: i live in a three storey house.
6 i play tennis for a living . do you like sports ?	hi . no . i am all about my cats . they are so precious .
7 i have a dog . how many cats do you have ?	three . in my off time i am building them a house . just like at my day job .
8 you build houses for a living ? cats are smart i'm told .	mine are smart . construction work for me . what is your job ?
9 i'm a tennis pro . i love sports . i have a big family .	family is important . i learned everything i know from my father .
10 my family is always getting bigger . i take my dog for walks . to get away .	you have dogs . how many ?
11 just one . lots of children . my house has three stories .	good thing your house is big with all of those kids .
12 my wife is a doctor . she likes taking care of people .	that is great . the pay is probably better than mine for sure .
13 she also has lots of expenses . our children are fun .	i suppose that is true . i like kids . maybe i'll have some someday .
1 partner's persona: i also have a dog walking business.
2 partner's persona: i have three dogs.
3 partner's persona: my father was a door to door salesman.
4 partner's persona: i'm in an open polyamorous relationship.
5 hi , i have 3 dogs with love my open polyamorous relationship	wow the thing i love most is skateboarding
6 my father used to be a door to door skateboard salesman	o really my all time fave skater is rob dryden all my friends skate
7 yeah that dude is cool	what do you like to do in your spare time ?
8 i have a dog walking business , make music in my spare time . you ?	o that is nice catering for weddings on weekends i love cooking
9 sounds really productive , very neat	yea i try to stay busy but not lately since i broke my arm
10 oh no , i hope it heals soon so you can cook	yea it sucks not being able to skate or cook so tell me about you ?
11 i am in band , and i am a music teacher	nice you must love music then
12 i really do , i love bands like radiohead . i am mike by the way	i am ariel so what are you doing for the rest of the night
13 woah is your name really ariel ?	yes lol why is it weird
1 partner's persona: i have three children.
2 partner's persona: my wife and kids are the best.
3 partner's persona: my favorite ice cream flavor is chocolate.
4 partner's persona: i'm a plumber.
5 hello ! just got back from a weekend gig fixing a broken sink . how are you doing ?	i am doing well . i am getting ready to go rock climbing .
6 fun , i should take my kids out to do that . do you have a family ?	i just have my dog , trooper .
7 my wife is thinking about getting our kids a dog . what kind is yours ?	he's a sweet black lab
8 is he active ? love to get one that can keep up with my awesome kids .	he's , we go hiking together a lot .
9 ever take him out for treats after ? my friend gets doggy ice cream for hers .	that is adorable . i never have , but now i'll .
10 my favorite flavor is chocolate , but i think that's bad for dogs .	yeah . i'm an engineer . maybe i could invent a chocolate that's safe for dogs
11 great idea ! my family would eat it all the time .	what do you do for work ?
1 partner's persona: i help tend the fields.
2 partner's persona: my father is a farmer.
3 partner's persona: i like to listen to rock music while working.
4 partner's persona: i've three arabian horses.
5 howdy ! how are you doing ?	i'm good how about you
6 i'm doing well . glad the crops are in for the fall .	oh great me , my job really makes me feel bad
7 sorry to hear that . i help my father not my own job . what do you do ?	40 in a working labor is tough
8 my dad owns a big commercial farm .	and my spouse used all the money i earned
9 that is harsh . all my earnings to to my horses .	sales man for car is what my job
10 what is your favorite kind of music ?	divorce will make an answer to my wife
11 that didn't really make sense .	oh it is ok that we are
12 interesting . i like rock music .	you like this kind of
1 partner's persona: i like playing basketball.
2 partner's persona: my favourite artist is travis scott.
3 partner's persona: i'm currently looking for a job preferably at a restaurant.
4 partner's persona: my mother is a dentist.
5 partner's persona: i've one older sister.
6 hi , my mom is a dentist , do you like the dentist office ?	i hate the dentist ! i work at the nursing home
7 that's cool , i'm trying to find a good job in the area , restaurant business	that would be good ! are you married ?
8 no but my sister is though , she's my older sister	how old ? my wife just recently left me with my children
9 she's 32 , you should play basketball to get your mind off of things	i should . i usually spend my time on facebook
10 i like to go to the park instead and play basketball	parks are nice . do you believe in god ? i don't
11 yes i believe in god	well that's good , to each their own i guess
12 do you listen to music ? i love travis scott	i love enrique iglesias , he's my favorite
13 he's not bad , he's a good singer	he's good looking as well , haha
1 partner's persona: i like to tan in tanning beds.
2 partner's persona: i love listening to britney spears.
3 partner's persona: i diet a lot.
4 partner's persona: i am high maintenance.
5 hi how are you today ?	i'm good and yourself ?
6 i am fine thank you . listening to my favorite singer . britney spears .	fun . i am getting ready to go to work .
7 i'm getting ready to go and get a fake tan . i like tanning beds .	i cannot stand tanning beds , they get to hot .
8 well , for a high maintenance girl like me they are a must !	i cannot wait to move out on my own . my parents are always bothering me
9 oh , mine too ! sure i diet often , but one bean is more than enough for lunch .	i work part time at burger king , so i eat burgers a lot
10 my parents would love it if i did that . when i was little they kept me chubby .	i feel it . like i do not drink or do drugs , just let me live .
11 exactly , give me a starbucks late and i'm good for a week or two	dude i feel it . i just want to hang with my friends and enjoy life .
12 me too , and actually fit into a tanning bad , my skin must match my cloths .	now i could go for an iced caramel macchiato
1 partner's persona: my favorite color is blue.
2 partner's persona: i'm married.
3 partner's persona: i enjoy sports such as running.
4 partner's persona: i am a woman.
5 hi want to get to know each other	hi , how old are you ?
6 i am in my twenties , you ?	older than you , wanna guess ?
7 50 ? i need something to go on here	not that old , mid 20 . how is your day anyway
8 pretty good . i took a nice run today	you must be a positive person ? have you ever done something guilty ? just curious
9 i try not to . my husband and i are pretty honest	well , that is good , but sometimes people just cannot have control over themselves , you know
10 i disagree . self control is in everyone	but it is hard . everytime i tried , it fails
11 you could talk to someone	well , even though i live with my mom , but she doesn't have much time for me .
12 maybe someone professional . it may help	no , they will say something nice , then just forget it the second day .
1 partner's persona: i now live in the city.
2 partner's persona: i'm a 45 year old male.
3 partner's persona: i take many medications and some of them make me see things.
4 partner's persona: i'm a recovering alcoholic.
5 partner's persona: i grew up on a farm.
6 hi . last week was my 45th birthday . i am an old man with so many infirmities !	i am in quite a pickle , do you happen to have a nickle ?
7 i take so many meds and they have side effects . no nickel from me !	if you visit me on the moon i can give you a birthday present
8 really ? how do i get there ? ! i must be hallucinating . meds make me .	side effects are a frame of mind , not a real physical thing
9 of course , the booze makes me see things , too , even though i do not drink anymore .	i will build you a spaceship in no time
10 please . never had an interest in space as a kid back on the farm .	i saw a man drink so much booze he drank himself sober
11 never heard of that . of course , i see many things now that i'm in the city	i never broke a bone in my body with large amounts of vitamin d
12 wow ! i need to check that out . so much is wrong with me .	man everything can be changed through belief , even your dna , change your reality
13 oh , i do not think so . i do not believe that .	you do not sit in the reality , you are the reality !
1 partner's persona: i'll graduate from high school in two years.
2 partner's persona: i am a vegan.
3 partner's persona: i have brown curly hair.
4 partner's persona: my bedroom is purple and lime green.
5 hey how are you today ?	i am doing good how are you ?
6 i'm fine tanks , tell me about yourself	i'm from alaska . how about you ?
7 i am from south britain	do you meditate ? i love to
8 yes mindful meditation is the best	i practice buddhism , so i do that a lot .
9 that's awesome . i'm agnostic	cool . i've not spoke a word out loud in three whole months
10 are you okay there man ?	it is part of my spiritual practice
11 oh okay i was getting freaked out	haha do not worry about me
12 ok good i'll not , i'm strictly vegan	that's impressive , have you always been ?
1 partner's persona: i like to workout a a times a week.
2 partner's persona: i'm a professional wrestler.
3 partner's persona: i volunteer in a homeless shelter.
4 partner's persona: in my spare time i do volunteer work.
5 partner's persona: i enjoy being around people.
6 hey just came back from my weekly workout , how are you ?	i'm good , thanks . what workout do you do ?
7 mostly cardio , need to stay fit for my professional wrestler career . do you do sports ?	i actually used to teach gym
8 oh that is great , i love helping people learn new things	i am retired now but trying to keep in shape as i do love my cheeseburgers !
9 i quit eating them last year . what do you do in your free time ?	i probably should too . i like documentaries , war mostly .
10 n my free time i work in a homeless shelter helping unfortunate people .	that is so worthwhile . i was pretty poor when i was young .
11 ah i hope your financial situation is stable now	that's so worthwhile . i was pretty poor when i was young .
12 anyway it was nice chatting with you , i hope to talk again	that's so worthwhile . i was pretty poor when i was young .
1 partner's persona: my age is too old to say.
2 partner's persona: i have rainbow hair.
3 partner's persona: i spend my time bird watching with my cats.
4 partner's persona: the holidays make me depressed.
5 hi ! how are you ?	good just finished doing my daily 3 mile walk
6 i am too old for that . i do like birdwatching , though .	o really how many different birds have you seen or n estimate
7 maybe 1500 ? especially around the holiday season . what is your favorite holiday ?	thanksgiving i get to see family from far away
8 i love the holidays . where is your family from ?	italy , spain and from mexico we are all over lol
9 wow . so you like to travel , too ?	yes i just hate passing security everytime or the wait times to get on airplane
10 ha ! me , too . i always get stares because of my rainbow hair . free spirit .	nice i tried doing crazy hair but i am a delivery nurse so its frown upon
11 do you work at a hospital ? if so , where ?	yes here in chicago downtown
12 watching the cubs now ! you like the cubs ?	me too ! hopefully they win this one but 1 to 1 in the 9th
1 partner's persona: i love eating out with friends.
2 partner's persona: i work at a school as a kindergarten teacher.
3 partner's persona: i am 24 years old.
4 partner's persona: my favorite singer is taylor swift.
5 i just left the vip lounge with taylor swift ! ! ! wahoo ! ! !	awesome ! i am a twitch streamer , do you think she will come on my show ?
6 she's cool like that . i bet she will ! she like twitch	sweet ! i'm working on a robot , maybe i can make her one as well .
7 yes ! we can take them to my kindergarten class for show and tell	i am a video game designer , and people say that makes me a recluse .
8 you can hang out with my kindergarteners . they love everyone !	as long as they do not have a water table , i'm allergic .
9 nope . i guess we could eat out with my friends ? they love spiders .	yuck . i am afraid of spiders .
10 oh i thought you liked them since you mentioned the brown recluse .	no , i did not mention the spider .
11 you said you were a recluse .	yes . but i am not a spider .
1 partner's persona: i like to eat chocolate candy.
2 partner's persona: i like to talk but people have a hard time understanding.
3 partner's persona: i like to look at blocks and sing about letters.
4 partner's persona: i'm four years old.
5 partner's persona: when i grow up i want to be a dog.
6 hi i m ben . i like chocolate , do you ?	really ? chocolate ? i disdain the very thought .
7 what s a disdain ? my teacher has not taught us that yet	how old are you ? what grade are you in ?
8 i am 4 and a quarter . how old are you ?	4 and a quarter years ? or four and a quarter decades ?
9 i don t know what a decade is mister . what do you do for fun ?	well miss chocolate , what is your favorite book ?
10 clifford the big red dog . he's so big . what s yours ?	i'm partial to peppa the pig
11 i like her , she s fun . what do you want to be when you grow ipv	when i grow up i want to polish the sun and the moon
12 that sounds like fun ! i like looking at the moon during bedtime	what do you want to do when you grow up ?
13 i want to be a dog	oh yes , that sounds fun until you have to eat your dinner !
1 partner's persona: i am terrified of clowns due to childhood trauma.
2 partner's persona: i just got a job working in a gas station.
3 partner's persona: i enjoy working with my hands and love gardening.
4 partner's persona: i was adopted at a young age to an older couple.
5 partner's persona: my father keeps trying to set me up on blind dates.
6 hello , how are you this evening ?	hi my name is charlie and i've dark brown curls . and i do fine .
7 i just saw it , after working my job at a gas station	i ride horses on the weekends and i don't eat meat .
8 i am terrified of clowns , because of childhood trauma .	no clowns for me either i do like purple and green for a bedroom .
9 cool , horses are neat , and meat is no good for us	right i eat a lot of fruit and nuts and tofu .
10 i love hands on work , like gardening . my parents adopted me , old parents	i like to climb trees an play on the playground .
11 cool . you got all your character words done now ?	how old are you i'm 52 and i like to travel .
12 my old father keeps trying to set me up with blind dates	blind dates ugh i like to eat sandwiches with mayo and lettuce only
13 nice , i am 2 years old	very young i bet you like to crawl on the floor .
1 partner's persona: i own a cat and a dog.
2 partner's persona: my favorite movie is mean girls.
3 partner's persona: i help out at the food bank occasionally.
4 partner's persona: i'm a party animal.
5 partner's persona: i am deathly afraid of heights.
6 good evening ! how are you ?	i'm good ! i was just baking cookies . what about you ?
7 sounds good . just getting back from a night out , i am exhausted .	what happened ? did you get into trouble ?
8 i like to go out dancing , a bit of a party animal . do you ?	oh no . maybe when i was younger . do you have any pets ?
9 i have a cat mouse and a dog biscuit . what about you ?	one dog sugar . i named her after my famous sugar cookies !
10 i love cookies . we serve them sometimes at the food bank .	oh ! i take them to my county bake sale . i love it there . where are you from ?
11 i live in the city . i like to watch movies , my fave is mean girls .	have you ever tried knitting ? i feel like it is the only thing i've anymore .
12 no i never wanted to . why is it the only thing you have ?	well being as old as me , it takes my mind off my soon impending end .
13 best not to think of it that way . maybe it is a beginning .	do you work at the food bank ? i'd love to volunteer sometime
1 partner's persona: i grew up in manhattan.
2 partner's persona: i plan to go to business school next year.
3 partner's persona: i graduated from yale in 2011 with a degree in finance.
4 partner's persona: my parents are very wealthy bankers.
5 hello , i lived in manhattan growing up . how are you ?	hello , new york . i am ohio . do you like country music ?
6 hmmmm . no country music sucks . my parents are wealthy bankers .	how nice , i am a singer .
7 i'll be in business school next year and graduated from yale in 2011 .	i play guitar , have since three . i'd not be happy in a stuffy office .
8 especially when people in cubicles near you fart a lot .	i'dn't know about that , i camp a lot when i am not on the road .
9 oh cool . do you every use atm machines ?	i don't . i am conservative in my spending .
10 does that mean you hoard cash like a squirrel hoards nuts ?	no , i donate a lot of it to others who have more need for it than i .
11 oh wow you are nice . i like spending money on illegal things .	i don't . my fiance is a detective .
12 does you own a magnifying glass ?	i do not . do i need one ?
1 partner's persona: i dream of moving to the city.
2 partner's persona: my family has raised horses for a generations.
3 partner's persona: i was raised on a horse farm.
4 partner's persona: i am from a small town.
5 partner's persona: i want to be a lawyer.
6 how are you doing today	just finished working in the supermarket
7 how long have you worked there	for a while now since i got my cat
8 what do you do for fun	spook has been with me since then
9 what are your hobbies when you are not working	just listening to the who music
10 is that your favorite band	yes it is and i never went somewhere else
11 why do you think that is	work work work and work
12 you do not ever just have fun	most likely i do not know how
13 you don't know how what	to have some fun and been stuck
1 partner's persona: my favorite ice cream flavor is chocolate.
2 partner's persona: i am a plumber.
3 partner's persona: my wife and kids are the best.
4 partner's persona: i've three children.
5 hello ! how are you today ?	how are you ? i am larry and i love to cook !
6 nice to meet you , larry . i don't cook but my wife and kids are great cooks !	i'm great ! i'm chef and an avid fisherman .
7 do you work at a restaurant ? i work as a plumber , inside mostly .	what do you like to do in your spare time ? i am either cooking or outside .
8 mostly hang out with my kids we have three ! we all love getting chocolate ice cream .	do you have any favorite movies ? i love spiderman ! ! !
9 i prefer the comic book versions more ! do you read at all ?	that sounds awesome ! you have quite a full life .
10 i try , thank you . it seems as though you do as well .	i read anything with spiderman !
11 that's fantastic . spiderman and batman are my top picks .	i love making ice cream ! i make it in the restaurant all the time .
1 partner's persona: i am also a graduate student.
2 partner's persona: my parents taught me survival skills.
3 partner's persona: i walk dogs for a living.
4 partner's persona: i am an avid kayaker.
5 partner's persona: i enjoy reading journals and guides related to psychology.
6 hello . my name is rob . how are you today ?	hola i am great
7 do you work ? i'm a dog walker !	yes i'm a student intern that studies different languages
8 that is great ! i am also a student . i am a grad student actually !	wow that is awesome . and your trabajo is pretty nice
9 what do you do for fun ?	i love to study spanish as you can probably tell , on to french next
10 that is cool . i love to kayak . it is really fun to be a kayaker .	amazing . do you study and languages
11 no i don't .	awe you are missing out spanish is my favorite and trabajo is my favorite word
12 i like to practice the survival skills my parents previously taught me .	i never met my parents
13 sorry to hear that .	its ok basically raised myself so its cool
1 partner's persona: i'm terrified of scorpions.
2 partner's persona: my father drove a car for nascar.
3 partner's persona: i've a german shepherd named barnaby.
4 partner's persona: my favorite color is grey.
5 hello ! how are you today ?	i'm okay . i just finished watching an old horror movie
6 an old horror movie ? how old ? how was it ?	it was dracula from 1932
7 interesting . there are so many remakes of dracula .	but the old ones are beter . even my junior high school son likes them
8 i'm learning about the old film noir style . the grey color scheme is my favorite .	greys are wonderful . what is your favorite movie ?
9 i like casablanca ! my other favorite is indiana jones . . . even though i detest scorpions .	my dad used to see scorpions when he worked at home depot .
10 ew . thankfully , my father just drove cars for nascar . no scorpions there !	nascar is exciting . i spent a long time working in human services which was really boring .
11 it is ! i would always take my german shepherd , barnaby , to the track ! do you like dogs ?	i love dogs . i have a sweet rescue dog .
12 i will get a rescue soon ! i've a meeting now , but it was great chatting !	okay . it was great talking to you .
1 partner's persona: i do not drink soda.
2 partner's persona: i like to eat hamburgers and french fries.
3 partner's persona: i live in a house.
4 partner's persona: i like to take walks.
5 partner's persona: i have a boyfriend.
6 hey how is it goin	it is going well . how are you ?
7 good , you have any hobbies ?	i used to be a painter , i still like to do that a lot . how about you ?
8 i like to play golf cook	how old are you ? do you have any children ?
9 30 and i do not have any children	i am 56 . what do you do for a living ?
10 iam a accountant . what about you ?	i'm a housekeeper , not very exciting .
11 well neither is my job but it pays the bills	i hear you . what do you like to cook ?
12 my favorite is hamburgers and french fries	sounds good to me ! nothing better than a hamburger cooked really well .
1 partner's persona: my family is continuously growing.
2 partner's persona: i live in a three storey house.
3 partner's persona: i'm a professional tennis player.
4 partner's persona: i am married to a doctor.
5 i love to play sports	cool . riding horses is my thing .
6 maybe i can ask my husband for a horse	you are married ? i will finish high school in two years .
7 i married a physician . we met when i hurt my leg playing tennis	how romantic ! i get teased by girls at school .
8 i love kids . i can adopt you .	that is kind of you . you want a kid with curly brown hair ?
9 curly is the best ! i wish i could have that kind of hair	i will need a bedroom painted in purple and lime green though .
10 i've a huge house . you can decorate your room however you want	that is the color of my room now . love it .
11 my room is red and balck	very bold colors ! do you have a mohawk too ?
12 no . but my husband use to when he was younger	my kind of guy ! he will make a great stepdad .
1 partner's persona: i am a blonde girl with really short hair.
2 partner's persona: my favorite hobbies are listening to music and playing video games.
3 partner's persona: i'm rather skinny as i like to stay in shape.
4 partner's persona: i love wearing skinny jeans and leggings.
5 hi my name is mike , how are you ?	i love going to church and owing dogs .
6 cool i love wearing skinny jeans with legging	as a woman and a school teacher i feel very powerful
7 as a man , and a blonde girl with short hair , i feel you	you got a good taste , winter is coming too
8 i'm skinny , like staying in shape	glad you understand how i feel . what do you do ?
9 i enjoy listening to music , and playing video games	i am skinny too , it makes me feel good
10 awesome , very cool and neat	me too , video games are great
11 yeah , so are smoothies and veggies	do you like dogs ? i've two .
12 yeah i have a blue pit named bark stir	i love eating burgers with lettuce
1 partner's persona: hey there i am 23 and i love food.
2 partner's persona: i've been traveling the world for a years.
3 partner's persona: i also like to cook but i am not very good at it.
4 partner's persona: i've been trying all types of food everywhere i go.
5 partner's persona: i own a yacht and i rent it out when i am not using it.
6 hey there , how are you	hi ! i eat very cleanly .
7 uh , i guess that is cool , so you like food ?	yup love it . i also survived cancer though .
8 bet that was pretty rough	yes it was hard . i love to run . how about you ?
9 i spend a lot of time trying to cook , i am not super good	that's fine . i also like preparing for marathons .
10 is that super hard work ?	it is . promoting is one of the hardest one .
11 what do you mean by promoting	promoting the marathon to all the people and the awareness is really a pain
12 do you run for any specific causes ?	yes . it is always for a cause and always a pleasure .
13 i understand what you mean , that is pretty cool	thanks what do you do though ?
1 partner's persona: i own two vintage mustangs.
2 partner's persona: i have two dogs.
3 partner's persona: i like to work on vintage cars.
4 partner's persona: i like to go to country concerts on weekends.
5 partner's persona: my favorite music is country.
6 hello how are you today ?	so tired . just laying on the couch reading my weekly book . you ?
7 i'm getting ready to go to a weekend concert to hear country music .	that sounds fun . i wonder if i could do that while pregnant ?
8 yes you can go to a concert . just be careful . do you like country music .	i like some of it . it is popular here in pennsylvania .
9 cool ! my dogs also like country music . we dance when it is played .	do you like movies ? i live documentaries .
10 i watch the history channel quite a bit actually .	do you work at all ? i have been working a pa job a few months .
11 i work and have all of my fun on the weekends !	that sounds great ! my weekly goal of reading a new book keeps me busy .
12 reading seems interesting , but i would rather drive my vintage vehicles in the country .	that sounds like fun too !
13 it is , just me and my dogs .	i cannot wait to have this baby . she's my first .
1 partner's persona: spiderman is my favorite.
2 partner's persona: i love cooking but i also enjoy fishing.
3 partner's persona: if i am not cooking in the kitchen then i am definitely on the water.
4 partner's persona: l also love comic books.
5 partner's persona: hey my name is larry and i am a chef.
6 hello , my name is larry . what is your name ?	my name is jerry . i farm bees for a living . you ?
7 well , i am a chef . i absolutely love cooking . do you have nay hobbies ?	yes , i like to cook too . but i am not a pro like you
8 even though i love cooking , i also like fishing . do you like to fish ?	yes , i fly fish . i love it . i wish i could invite my family
9 why can you not invite your family ?	i've no family close to me
10 that's a shame . i'm sorry . do you enjoy comic books ?	i like spawn and the x men
11 i love spiderman , myself . he's my favorite .	he's a good character for sure
12 maybe we should trade comics and go fishing sometime !	ha that sounds good ! what is your favorite food ?
13 any kind of pasta . i trained as a chef in italy . it was amazing . you ?	nice . my favorite is a fruit papaya !
1 partner's persona: my favourite food is shawarma.
2 partner's persona: i'm in the army.
3 partner's persona: my grandfather served in world war a.
4 partner's persona: i live in canada.
5 partner's persona: i didn't graduate high school.
6 hello from canada , how are you ?	hello i'm from california . i'm good and yourself ?
7 sunny california , never been there but have traveled a lot in the army .	oh should go to cali . i love living here . where have you travelled ?
8 mostly in the uk . following in my grandfathers footsteps as a world war vet .	i thought about being a chef for the army
9 do you know how to make shawarma ?	i don't . i cook a lot of seafood like shrimp , catfish , etc
10 you are making me hungry . what else do you like to do ?	ha ha did not meant to get you hungry . i like to fish .
11 i spent a lot of time fishing and probably would have finish school had i not .	what were you going to school for ?
12 i got up to the 10th grade and just did not want to do it no more	really ? i am sorry to hear that . i always loved school
1 partner's persona: i love wearing skinny jeans and leggings.
2 partner's persona: my favorite shirts are band shirts and ruffle sleeves.
3 partner's persona: i'm a blonde girl with really short hair.
4 partner's persona: i am rather skinny as i like to stay in shape.
5 partner's persona: my favorite hobbies are listening to music and playing video games.
6 hello , how are you tonight ?	hi , i am great , how about you ?
7 i am doing very well , just came back from the gym .	cool ! do you twitter ? i browse the internet a lot .
8 i do , twitter is my first love , second are video games and music .	if you have never chatted with a feminist , you can say you have now .
9 my best friend is one , we agree to disagree on everything except trump .	lol . have you heard of solar panels ? i have them on my roof .
10 i've , we have them at my college .	i live in a tiny home and all my food i buy is organic .
11 i am a vegan , and drive a maclaren . daddy bought it for me .	wow , small world . i am a vegan too . that was nice of your daddy .
12 he is a good man , he donates a lot of his money to charities .	that's a good man are you going to follow in his footsteps ?
13 i am not . i am going to be a veterinarian .	that could be a good profession , too . i am retired at 32 .
1 partner's persona: i was born with my heart outside my body.
2 partner's persona: i'm a boy.
3 partner's persona: i can move objects with my mind.
4 partner's persona: since the surgery i have had strange powers.
5 i am sorry to hear about your health condition . are you alright	i am just fine . my name is priya , and you ?
6 my name is dirk i'm hanging in there . hope you are having a great evening	not so bad , just listening to some death metal . you ?
7 i enjoy anthrax is that considered death metal these days	i supposed , but i don't listen to them . can you swim ?
8 i love the water . do you live close to water .	i don't live close to the water , but i'm a swim coach in delhi .
9 i think that is awesome . do you enjoy your work	yes , i'm a free spirit , but my mom is so traditional . where are you from ?
10 i am from the us . and very interested in your part of the world . i love your culture	one day i want to go to america . it can be sketchy here .
11 why do you feel that way ? i hope you are safe	in the news paper when someone dies they put the body in the paper to identify
12 that sounds very impersonal . i hope you are healthy and not going to end up in the paper	i'm healthy thank you dirk
1 partner's persona: i'm a construction worker.
2 partner's persona: i have been working since i was sixteen years old.
3 partner's persona: my favorite band is aerosmith.
4 partner's persona: my favorite food is mexican food.
5 hello . i am watching tv snacking . how are you ?	i hope it is a healthy snack . i am doing well , just moved here .
6 it is . i am vegan . just moved here too ! where from ?	i too am vegan from germany . have you seen lafer ! lichter ! lecker ! on tv ?
7 oh yes ! i love shows like that and watched it back home a lot .	they do amazing things with the hummus . where is back home for you ?
8 also germany . i love hummus . i also love thrill seeking . how about you ?	we are long lost twins ! will you go skydiving with me ?
9 only if you ride a rollercoaster with me !	the roller coasters here do not compare to that of heide park .
10 i should try to go then ! it was a pleasure speaking with you . bye !	you are a delight ! we shall travel the world looking for the best roller coasters .
11 i hear the ones in greenland are quite cool . haha .	that is funny . enjoy your snack and we can speak again soon .
12 thank you ! have a wonderful day .	if ever you are back in germany let us meet at the heide dorf .
1 partner's persona: i just bought a house recently.
2 partner's persona: i am an economics major.
3 partner's persona: i see the rolling stones in concert every year.
4 partner's persona: i eat a raw diet.
5 partner's persona: i am married with two kids.
6 hi . how are you ?	hello , i'm very well . and you ?
7 i am good . do you have a favorite band ?	i do , i love metallica , i never heard them in india .
8 i love the rolling stones . i see their concert every year .	they're great too . so are the chili peppers .
9 yes . they are . what do you do ?	i am in college , studying it .
10 i'm too . economics major .	very nice . i would love to travel .
11 that would be great ! we just bought a house so no travel soon	i am looking at a house as well .
12 i'm married and have two kids . we needed more space .	i would like children and a husband one day .
13 i follow a raw diet . do you ?	oh no . i prepare traditional dishes .
1 partner's persona: i used to be pretty but time has not been kind.
2 partner's persona: i am a 56 year old woman.
3 partner's persona: i used to be a painter but now i'm a housekeeper.
4 partner's persona: i fantasize about taking over the world.
5 good evening . what are your hopes and dreams ?	hello . my hopes and dreams are to spend time with friends having fun .
6 that is nice ! i plan to take over the world !	that sounds like fun . i work at burger king and i still live at home at 19 .
7 well i'm 56 , so i do not live at home anymore .	i just want to move out . they're always on my back .
8 i'm sorry to hear that . maybe they just want your help around the house ?	maybe i'll help more . i don't do anything wrong . . . no drugs . . . nothing
9 i am proud of you for doing good things !	why thank you . that sure does mean a lot .
10 well , time has not been good to me . i was beautiful years ago .	i'm sure you still are ! it is the insides that count !
11 thank you . i spend my days cleaning and remembering my artistic paintings .	i bet you are a wonderful painter . i like to paint .
12 i was popular at one time and made a lot of money	popularity and money are not everything .
1 partner's persona: i was born in somalia.
2 partner's persona: now i live in the united states.
3 partner's persona: i was forced to marry when i was a.
4 partner's persona: my aunt helped me escape when i was of.
5 hey there , i'm from somalia .	i'm from the land down under
6 oh wow . i moved to the united states . did you ?	like i said i am form the land down under
7 oh . i feel like i've been down under . my aunt helped me escape	my mom is a dentist
8 oh , that is great , teeth are very important .	she thinks she's a real doctor
9 well she probably treats gum diseases so that's basically a doctor .	i lost my front teeth playing basketball
10 i am sorry to hear that . did you get replacements ?	yeah some woman who calls herself a doctor replaces them
11 wow you are very mean to your mom .	my mom is dead to me
12 oh wow my mom is actually dead .	lol you are so lucky
1 partner's persona: i enjoy reading journals and guides related to psychology.
2 partner's persona: my parents taught me survival skills.
3 partner's persona: i am an avid kayaker.
4 partner's persona: i walk dogs for a living.
5 partner's persona: i am also a graduate student.
6 hi there ! how are you ?	i'm well , how about yourself ?
7 i am good . just getting ready for work .	i see . i just got home from work , actually . we are on separate schedules !
8 i am a professional dog walker and the pups tend to get up early .	that sounds great . i just moved here from germany , so the time zone is very different .
9 i love germany . i hope to visit after grad school .	what hobbies are you into ? i love rollercoasters , skydiving , and swimming . though i'm a bad swimmer .
10 when i'm not in the house reading psych journals , i'm camping or on my kayak	how fun ! what foods do you enjoy ? i'm vegan and love hummus .
11 anything i can hunt , i'll eat ! i'm a real carnivore !	that sounds so gratifying ! i'll not eat meat , but that sounds fun .
12 we would be great together . i'll not touch vegetables ! between us , nothing is safe !	haha , yes . we can eat a pot roast !
13 so what do you do for work ?	i am a software engineer working for boeing . i just moved stateside to live with family .
1 partner's persona: i was raised on a horse farm.
2 partner's persona: i want to be a lawyer.
3 partner's persona: i dream of moving to the city.
4 partner's persona: i'm from a small town.
5 good morning , how are you ?	hello ! i am doing well , thanks . yourself ?
6 i am okay . watching the horses graze in the pasture .	that must be beautiful ! i am just playing some guitar , being a musician can be boring .
7 so can farm life , especially in a small town .	i bet . luckily , i do other stuff like study languages to keep me occupied .
8 i'm in law school , i'll be practicing in manhattan when i graduate .	that is exciting . do you know any languages ? i'm learning spanish .
9 only english . i am no good with other languages .	i am not great at speaking yet , but my favorite word in spanish is trabajo !
10 what does that mean ? i only know taco .	haha ! i wish i had some tacos . trabajo means . . . . . . work ! !
11 nasty word . what do you do for trabajo ?	i teach music lessons to kids and young adults .
1 partner's persona: i'm in my thirties.
2 partner's persona: i am single and with two dogs.
3 partner's persona: i love taking bubble baths.
4 partner's persona: i don't drink alcohol.
5 partner's persona: i like to play chess.
6 hi how are you tonight ? i am relaxing in a bubble bath tonight .	hi how are you doing that sounds great .
7 it is , how old are you ? i am 31 , feeling like i am getting old lol .	not old you are still young try 50 i am getting old .
8 lol my bones suggest other wise . do you have any animals ?	yes i like and love all animals i have three cats .
9 aw , i have two dogs . i'm not married yet , so they keep me company .	oh they're great for company just like family .
10 they really are ! what do you do for fun ?	i've a collection full of hats and have 1000 of them .
11 wow that is unique ! i just play games of chess lol .	i like to dance do hair and make up and cook .
12 that sounds like so much fun ! ! where do you work ?	i'm not working right now my best season i would the winter .
13 i love it too !	i also have a weakness for tasty vanilla ice cream .
1 partner's persona: i also like old school hip hop.
2 partner's persona: my favorite toy as a child as my lite brite.
3 partner's persona: i love new kids on the block.
4 partner's persona: i was born in the early 80 s.
5 hello hope you are having a great afternoon	so far so good , how about you ?
6 not bad . the weather ia a little dreary how about where you are at ?	same , i was hoping to get work done outside today but that isn't happening .
7 good day to relax . do you have a lot of yard work ?	i wouldn't say a lot , just fall cleanup stuff
8 i understand that . i've alot of tress around me	what is your name by the way ?
9 jason . how about yourself . where are you from ?	george , nice to meet you jason . i'm from ny . what about you ?
10 west virginia . nice to meet you too . i used to visit my uncle on long island	what do you do for work ?
11 i'm in the mining industry but i hate it . how about yourself ?	do you like honey ? i farm it . it is not very exciting either
1 partner's persona: i was adopted at a young age to an older couple.
2 partner's persona: i'm terrified of clowns due to childhood trauma.
3 partner's persona: i just got a job working in a gas station.
4 partner's persona: my father keeps trying to set me up on blind dates.
5 hi i am amy i hate clowns	i hate heights ! i am mandi
6 heights are scary to . do you work i recently started at a gas station	sounds fun ! i do not work , i volunteer at a food bank periodically
7 oh that is a good cause . do you have pushy parents to ?	no mine are pretty cool good thing too because i love to party
8 oh my adoptive parents keep trying to set me up with guys	that is crazy ! do you have any pets ?
9 yes i have a god she protects me from clowns	aww ! i have a cat , gizmo and a dog , dixie
10 me to she's part husky very protective	i bet she's beautiful !
11 people say she is she is a very hyper dog	my fox terrier is also very hyper
12 do you have any plans today ?	i was thinking of walking the dog , and you ?
1 partner's persona: i feel like i might live forever.
2 partner's persona: i remember when nobody had a television.
3 partner's persona: i love to drink wine and dance in the moonlight.
4 partner's persona: i'm 100 years old.
5 hello how are you today	i'm doing very well thank you . how are you ?
6 well for 100 i'll say	i've three kids who need to get to soccer practice .
7 i wish , i get so lonely i wonder if i'll live forever	no one would want to live forever . it would be quite boring .
8 you know i remember when plays were just like tv and people went of for entertainment	that was a much better world . i do not like all of this electronics
9 sure was back in my day wine food and family , and dancing until night fall	that's the way things need to get back to .
10 that's true let me tell you something . . spend as much time as you can with family	i always do . i am very close to my kids and my bonus kid
11 i personally never settled down but i still have lots of family to go around	it was the best thing i ever did . we are both on round too .
12 make the best of it	we do , and we love to travel .
1 partner's persona: hello i just moved here from germany.
2 partner's persona: i do like watching cooking shows.
3 partner's persona: i love rollercoasters and sky diving.
4 partner's persona: i'm not a good swimmer at all.
5 hi . i just got here from germany .	hello there i hope you are having a great weekend
6 you too . i like cooking shows . what about you ?	i like to read a lot , i read all the time
7 that is great . i like rollercoasters and what about you	i like movies a lot , documentaries mostly
8 really great . i don't like to swim at ll .	oh , that's rough , it is hard to swim while pregnant
9 i guess so right . i totally agree with you .	i am having my first child with my husband
10 that is amazing . congratulations . do we know the gender yet ?	not yet , i'm hoping for a boy , my husband want a girl
11 that's amazing . hope you have a great future .	i just started a job too , three months ago in pennsylvania
12 that is amazing . what job is it ?	consultation , at a big business firm
1 partner's persona: i'm an omnivore.
2 partner's persona: i just bought my first home.
3 partner's persona: i work at a bank.
4 partner's persona: a already have a children.
5 partner's persona: i'm expecting twins in two months.
6 hello , how are you today ?	i'm doing good , how are you ?
7 i am excellent ! i just bought my first house !	that's great ! i just became a life coach since yesterday .
8 congrats ! that is excellent ! i'm very impressed	thank you , how much did you pay for the house ?
9 i paid 262 , 000 but i'm a bank teller so i make a lot	yes that is a lot of money , are you athletic ?
10 kind of , i only eat meat so i'm a protein monster	what sports do you do ? me and my parents were both athletic and so am i .
11 that's awesome ! i just play basketball and occasionally badminton	what is badminton , i have never heard of it ?
12 its like a mix of tennis and volleyball	wow , i'd love to try it sometime , it sounds cool .
1 partner's persona: my main transportation is my motorbike.
2 partner's persona: i have light skin with big brown eyes.
3 partner's persona: i wear a motorbike helmet to protect my head.
4 partner's persona: i waitress during the day to supplement my income.
5 partner's persona: its red with blue stripe so it shiny when i race.
6 hey how is it goin	great ! about to go get some tacos ! how are you ?
7 doin good and that sounds good , what kind of work you do ?	i'm a dog trainer , my sisters and i opened a service !
8 cool i work in finance at night and do a little waitressing during the day	nice ! do you have siblings ? i've 3 older sisters and one little brother .
9 no i don't only child . do you like motorbikes ?	love them ! i go to alabama fest every year ! its down the road from my house .
10 my motorbike is the onl way to get around love the freedom	do you have strict parents ?
11 no not really other than they always prefer me to wear my helmet	well that is nice ! do you play sports ?
12 played a little football for new orleans saints few years ago	really cool ! is that where you live ?
1 partner's persona: i'm a gold medalist olympian.
2 partner's persona: my favorite color is yellow.
3 partner's persona: gymnastics is my favorite sport.
4 partner's persona: i workout four hours a day.
5 hello , how are you ? i think the best color is yellow , do you agree ?	yes yellow is fine how are you doing i am okay .
6 do you like sports ? my favorite is gymnastics . i spend 4 hours working out each day .	it is okay cool i used to play football in school .
7 in fact , i'm an olympian gold medalist winner . what do you do ?	i'm disabled now so i drink coffees and stay home .
8 i see , i sure do love my coffee . cannot live without it .	great me too i like writing poetry very creative . unique .
9 poetry is lovely , i enjoy reading it .	i also am a big fan of the star wars movies the old ones was good .
10 i am not much of a star wars fan to be honest .	that's okay we all have our differences in likes .
11 that's very true	i write poetry and then make them into a song .
12 that is awesome . i bet it sounds wonderful .	yes thank you so much you are an awesome friend .
1 partner's persona: i drive a mini van.
2 partner's persona: coffee is my preferred beverage.
3 partner's persona: i coach little league baseball.
4 partner's persona: i've five sons.
5 partner's persona: i also like a glass of wine in the evenings.
6 hey , i hope your night is going well	hello , thanks . mine is great . how is yours going ?
7 its great even though my bipolar son had a violent meltdown	wow , so sorry to hear about that .
8 yeah , he is a piece of work . i had to send him away today	that is sad , like something taylor swift would sing about . i love her .
9 does she have bipolar disorder as well ?	i do not have kids . my nissan pathfinder can really act crazy though !
10 you are lucky to not have any , i've 5 boys to raise	i manage a convenience store . i'd like to have kids someday .
11 well my advice is that you take your time	when i was in nashville i bumped into taylor swift in the bathroom !
12 wow , how did you feel ?	shy . i just had my mouse brown hair cut short and didn't feel pretty .
13 let me tell you something . you are beautiful and you are perfect	that is so sweet ! thank you ! you are an incredible person .
14 i know how hard it is , remember youre beautiful in your own way	i think we are all beautiful and special in our own way .
15 yes , yes we are . never compare yourself to anyone else	i agree . be positive , claim your power , and live life to the fullest !
1 partner's persona: i'm a convenience store manager.
2 partner's persona: my favourite music is country music.
3 partner's persona: i met taylor swift.
4 partner's persona: i drive a nissan pathfinder.
5 hello ! do you like the new song by taylor swift ?	even though i have lived on earth for 100 years , i haven't heard anything better .
6 sweet ! a country music fan like me ! what do you drive ?	i am too old to drive . i was around when nobody owned a television !
7 i drive a pathfinder . nissan is my favorite car manufacturer	i used to drive a muscle car . i'm so old , i may never die !
8 very cool , very cool . i manage a store .	do you sell wine in your store ?
9 yes , i do . ohio valley is our specialty .	i love wine , especially while dancing outside at night !
10 i love wine too . dancing to country really makes me move .	that's a healthy hobby . i dance and keeps me very strong , especially for my age .
11 yes , dancing does keep us strong and young . you are only as old as you feel .	i feel so young ! i want to pick up more hobbies .
12 me too ! wine tastings would be nice .	i wonder if you need a license to be a wine reviewer .
1 partner's persona: i do not drink or do drugs or anything.
2 partner's persona: they are constantly on my back.
3 partner's persona: i just want to have fun with my friends.
4 partner's persona: i work took i have a part time job at burger king.
5 hello ! how are you today ?	good , i was just finishing looking thru my closet for old items .
6 are you looking for something special ?	yes . i found my old lite brite from the eighties . it was my fav . toy .
7 my favorite toy was the rubiks cube	very cool . i had one of those .
8 i work part time at burger king . what do you do for a living ?	i work with computers . but once a week i take dancing lessons .
9 nice i like dancing . but i don't like drinking or drugs .	same here . i was born in 1981 but i've never had a drink .
10 good . i just like to hang out with my friends and have fun .	i agree . what kind of music do you like ?
11 i like a lot of different kinds . my favorite is rock .	i like pop . new kids on the block , my favorite .
1 partner's persona: my favourite artist is travis scott.
2 partner's persona: i am currently looking for a job preferably at a restaurant.
3 partner's persona: i like playing basketball.
4 partner's persona: my mother is a dentist.
5 partner's persona: i have one older sister.
6 evening . this is roland . how are you ?	evening roland , i'm shariah . i'm fine , how are you ?
7 great . i hope i have some luck job hunting tomorrow . . i cook .	sending good luck your way . i'm a dancer but i love to eat .
8 thank you shariah . what type of dance . basketball is my passion .	i love contemporary and hip hop , but i am currently studying ballet .
9 do you have any siblings . one sister for me .	no they died in somalia before my aunt helped me escape to the united states .
10 i am sorry . awful . my mother makes sure i brush my teeth . a dentist .	the man i was forced to marry was a dentist . are you married ?
11 no . not yet . is he good to you ?	he was nice , i'm divorced now though . what job are you looking for ?
12 a restaurant job . i'm a cook . do you work ?	i'm sorry you did mention . i teach dance to troubled youth .
13 that's nice . they need people like you who care .	i do care . i love to give back anyway i can . what about you ?
1 partner's persona: i go gambling in my spare time.
2 partner's persona: i have been retired for a years.
3 partner's persona: i enjoy mowing my lawn on sunny days.
4 partner's persona: i like to grill outdoors.
5 partner's persona: i move south during the winter.
6 hello , do you have any hobbies ?	i watch tv does that count ? lol
7 only if gambling counts as well .	yep i believe it does lol where do you work ? i work at home
8 oh i'm been retired now for years . and loving it !	sounds wonderful ! i'm trying to finally get a steady relationship
9 oh ok . where do you live ?	i live in ohio , and you ?
10 i've two homes . one for the summer and one for the winter .	awesome ! i wish i did , but i spend a lot of money on cars
11 oh , yes i love grilling out side when its warm .	yes that is fun ! i go to the gym often to socialize
12 i'm either outdoors or gambling .	both seem like fun hobbies !
13 yes i sure agree with you .	what is your favorite thing to grill ?
1 partner's persona: i am now looking for a new job.
2 partner's persona: my favorite movie is friday.
3 partner's persona: my daughter is a child prodigy.
4 partner's persona: i enjoy going to the park.
5 partner's persona: i am a doctor.
6 hello , how are you today ?	hi , i'm justin . i'm on tour and just came in from a performance
7 that is awesome , how do you like performing ? i am currently looking for a new job .	it is my life . i was born into it . both of my parents are musicians
8 sounds like it was ment to be . my daughter loves to preform she is a prodigy really .	great . very good to start young . i've been playing guitar since i was three
9 hopefully she makes it big , i love to go to the park and watch her preform .	i schedule stops at national parks . maybe you both could come to a show
10 that would be amazing . being a doctor it is hard to get time off .	what do you try to do in your free time ?
11 i love to watch movies , my favorite is friday . what about yourself ?	i like watching old westerns when i am not rehearsing .
12 i'm sure your job keeps you busy . tell me something else about yourself .	not really anything special . i like to cook for my crew . that is about it .
1 partner's persona: i helped design the game starcraft.
2 partner's persona: i am a famous twitch streamer.
3 partner's persona: i'm a recluse.
4 partner's persona: i'm working on a building a robot to be my body double.
5 hello , do you like video games ?	yes , i like wii gymnastic games because its my best sport .
6 oh nice , i helped design the game starcraft	you like garlic bread ? i do and i go to the gym everyday .
7 no . some may call me a recluse . i have a robot to do things for me .	interesting ! i look good in anything yellow . what about you ?
8 yellow reminds me of the sun . i like black . do you like twitch ?	cool ! my toy robot is an olympian just like me . wierd huh ?
9 makes sense . my full sized robot hates everything , just like me . weird huh ?	yes i love to twitch dance . do you twists . twisting gives you a good workout .
10 i never twist . only in twister . twitch is a video streaming website .	thanks for sharing that . i want some italian food today . you hungry ?
11 are you sure you should be eating ? you are an olympian silly .	right ! do you workout or just play on websites ? do people generally dislike you ?
12 computer games til i die . what are people ?	oh you got jokes huh ? people are disposable objects . what your favorite color ?
1 partner's persona: i like riding horses.
2 partner's persona: i will graduate from high school in two years.
3 partner's persona: my bedroom is purple and lime green.
4 partner's persona: i'm a vegan.
5 i'm so excited i'll be graduating high school in a couple years	that is great ! are you going to college ?
6 yes ! i want to be a vegan chef . being vegan is fun ! !	that's kind of similar to the way i eat , i can only eat kosher
7 i don't know what that's . i like kosher pickles .	kosher means that it has been blessed by a rabbi
8 oh that sounds rad .	it is very rad .
9 how long have you been eating kosher ?	i have done it my whole life . i was raised jewish by my single mother
10 cool beans . i've a rad bedroom with purple and lime green walls .	that sounds interesting .
11 it is pretty fun and bright . what if there's no rabbi to bleed the food ?	i am usually pretty proactive when i go out to eat . i call ahead and check
12 good idea . it sounds pretty serious to not have it kosher	it can be . i eat out a lot because of my job .
1 partner's persona: i like to workout a a times a week.
2 partner's persona: i am a professional wrestler.
3 partner's persona: in my spare time i do volunteer work.
4 partner's persona: i enjoy being around people.
5 how is your love life	eww boys are gross ! i like playing with my classmates at playtime
6 i also used to some time back when was still in high school	how old are you now ?
7 am 54 years with a family of three kids .	i am in third grade . do you have a favorite place ?
8 yeah and any place is favorite to me as long as its a flower garden .	flowers are so pretty . my favorite place is disney .
9 what do you like most about disney ?	i get to see all my favorite characters ! my parents take me there every year
10 your parents are interesting and lovely ?	they're nice except when i get in trouble . do you have a favorite movie ?
11 yeah its first and furious .	i like frozen , i know all the words to to the songs !
1 partner's persona: my favorite colors are red and silver.
2 partner's persona: my boyfriend and i are moving into an apartment together next week.
3 partner's persona: i am an elementary school teacher.
4 partner's persona: i'm fluent in english spanish and french.
5 i am fluent in three different languages . do you speak more than one language ?	i do speak multiple languages . which ones do you speak ?
6 i speak , english , spanish and french .	those happen to all be languages i speak . i want to visit france sometime .
7 yeah , i heard it is a nice place to visit .	i think it would be nice . what are some of your hobbies ?
8 i am enjoy , hiking and biking . how about your self ?	i love planning world domination . i also like knitting .
9 interesting . are you planing on visiting france anytime soon ?	hopefully within the next few years . i'm 55 so the sooner the better !
10 if you go , you should definitely visit the eiffel tower .	i'd love to . i enjoy large attractions .
11 what are some of the other attractions , you plan on visiting once you go to france ?	definitely the mona lisa ! i used to be a painter .
1 partner's persona: horror movies are my favorites.
2 partner's persona: i spent a decade working in the human services field.
3 partner's persona: my father used to work for home depot.
4 partner's persona: i am a stay at home dad.
5 hello how are you doing ?	hello . how are you and where are you from ?
6 i am good . about to go into work . i am from calfornia .	i live on a michigan farm . i love to drive the tractors .
7 wow ! i love to watch scary movies . friday the 13th is my favorite .	i am into calmer things . i love classical music and nature .
8 that sounds soothing . i am with my kids most of the day and need this music .	i really like kids but don't have any . i am twenty four and want four kids .
9 in a few years once you'll be ready . my father was a great dad .	my parents are also great .
10 well you have great examples . are you handy at all ?	yes . i do a lot of work on the farm . i work on and drive the tractors .
11 my dad works at a home improvement store , so i learn alot from him	that is good . home maintenance is important .
12 i wish i could have been a handy guy . i was a public service employee .	i want to do what my parents do and farm .
1 partner's persona: i play the violin and the guitar.
2 partner's persona: i play ping pong.
3 partner's persona: i love chocolate bars.
4 partner's persona: i speak chinese.
5 hey , how is it going ?	doing well thanks . getting ready for work and volunteering tomorrow .
6 how nice ! i am playing at a charity tomorrow . i play violin and guitar .	that sounds lovely . i get to spend time at the rabbit rescue .
7 rabbits are awesome they do not usually bit .	this is a local place . i donate a portion of my check each month .
8 how kind ! i usually waste all my free time playing ping pong .	i work at the shipyard , now that i am out of the navy .
9 how interesting . my main language is chinese . i worked at a shipyard in china .	that's interesting ! i continued at the shipyard because of my dedication to the water .
10 water is good , it can be relaxing . almost as relaxing as eating chocolate bars .	when i was younger , my favorite color was blue like the water .
11 it sounds like you were meant to be on the water .	i believe so . i try to be close to the water always .
12 kind of like me with chocolate . i keep it close bye all the time	does the chocolate help you in some way ?
1 partner's persona: i read twenty books a year.
2 partner's persona: i only eat kosher.
3 partner's persona: i was raised in a single parent household.
4 partner's persona: i never broke a bone in my body ever in my life.
5 partner's persona: i'm a stunt double as my second job.
6 how are you doing today	i am good . how are you ? my name is rob .
7 i'm great . i was just reading	what did you read ? i like to read too . i also love to garden .
8 i read everything . what do you grow	carrots ! i also like working manually with my hands . do you work ?
9 i work in a dangerous job	be careful . i just got hired . it is a nice gas station .
10 how long have you been there	two days . also i keep getting set up on blind dates by my father .
11 do you like him to do that	yes i like women but scared of clowns because of trauma in childhood .
12 what happened in your childhood	i was adopted to two older people who dressed up as clowns to scare me !
13 that would be very crazy	yes i stil have nightmares about it . is there anything else you want to talk about ?
1 partner's persona: my favourite music is country music.
2 partner's persona: i drive a nissan pathfinder.
3 partner's persona: i'm a convenience store manager.
4 partner's persona: i have short brown hair.
5 what is your favorite type of music , mine is country music	hi ! i enjoy classical music .
6 i love that genre as well , it is very soothing	yes it is ! how is your family ? my sisters profession is pole dancing
7 oh wow , i can not judge her , i hope she enjoys doing what she does	yeah she likes it . says its a great workout . what do you do ? .
8 i'm a prison guard at the jail , it is not easy at all	that sounds like a hard job . i'm a christian teacher
9 lucky you , i've to deal with people fighting every day	aw man , that really must be hard .
10 yes it is very hard , i've been jumped on twice since i've been there	aw man . are you ok
11 i've a few scars , but i'm doing well even with my sprained ankle	that is hard . do you like your job ?
12 no , not one bit , i am ready to quit	do whatever makes sure your safe
1 partner's persona: its red with blue stripe so it shiny when i race.
2 partner's persona: i waitress during the day to supplement my income.
3 partner's persona: i wear a motorbike helmet to protect my head.
4 partner's persona: i've light skin with big brown eyes.
5 partner's persona: my main transportation is my motorbike.
6 hello ! what do you look like ?	well good afternoon there brother
7 i'm actually a girl .	i actually care . what is your favorite color ?
8 i like blue and red .	you need to take the red pill
9 i do not need any pills but maybe you do ?	i only need to meditate
10 i ride motorbike professionally so can not take anything .	i reside in the north . alaska specifically
11 what is it like there ?	it is surprisingly hot here
12 what do you for work up there ?	i go to alaska to meditate
13 but how do your earn money ?	i pray to buddha and i get rich
1 partner's persona: in my spare time i do volunteer work.
2 partner's persona: i enjoy being around people.
3 partner's persona: i volunteer in a homeless shelter.
4 partner's persona: i like to workout a a times a week.
5 do you volunteer at all ?	nope , i work in a hat shop 24 7 . my name is sophie by the way .
6 you should really try to find time .	maybe i will see if my sister needs volunteers at the bakery where she works .
7 that's great . i work at a homeless shelter .	you sound like a kind person .
8 i try to be , it can be tough out there .	i find that ice cream makes everything better .
9 it can , until you have to run it off .	good thing i love running . i actually have an olympic gold metal for running .
10 wow really , and you work at a hat shop ?	it is a family owned business . i broke my leg and so i work there now .
11 oh i am sorry to hear that .	that's okay . it was so long ago . i like my work now .
12 i only work out a few times a week .	do you use a gym , your own living room , or the great outdoors ?
1 partner's persona: my favorite color is navy blue.
2 partner's persona: i volunteer my time with a local bunny rescue.
3 partner's persona: i am ex military.
4 partner's persona: i donate a part of my salary to charity each month.
5 hello ! are you interested in adopting a rescued bunny ?	i love bunnies but i am busy moving into a new apartment with my boyfriend
6 i'd have loved to live with my girlfriend before i went into the navy	the navy sounds tough . i teach elementary school .
7 i only joined because i love the color . i much prefer working with the bunny rescue , now .	i would like to take pictures of the bunnies . do you help alot of rabbits ?
8 yes , by volunteering and donating to them each month . what do take pictures of ?	i just enjoy photography and the colors red and silver .
9 i have a silver eared bunny you would love , with a red , white , and navy blue bow .	your bunny sounds adorable . bunnies are very gentle and quiet animals
10 definitely welcomed after my years in war zones . is this your first apartment with your boyfriend ?	yes i am excited about the move . thank you for your service
11 my service ? you teach elementary school . you are the hero , here ! !	it is a challenge . i teach english spanish and french
12 oh ! i just had an idea . could you take photos of our rescue bunnies ?	i would love too . i hope i could help the wonderful creatures
1 partner's persona: i help out at the food bank occasionally.
2 partner's persona: i own a cat and a dog.
3 partner's persona: my favorite movie is mean girls.
4 partner's persona: i'm deathly afraid of heights.
5 hello , how are you today ? my cat and dog are very well .	great ! i am traveling round the world for a year .
6 nice ! i would love to travel internationally , but i'm afraid of heights .	it is cool . i've a yacht . when i'm not using it , i rent it out .
7 wow . that would go a long way if sold to help the food bank i volunteer at .	oh . maybe i can help . i like to cook , although i am no expert .
8 i love to cook too . i am making lasagna , to eat while watching mean girls tonight .	lasagna is delicious . i have been testing different foods on my trip .
9 i've always wanted to try real persian food .	hmmm . . . i'd like to try that as well .
10 i'm in florida , where are you ?	currently docked at the'sle of man .
11 very nice . that is on my bucket list .	you should rent out my yacht when you are ready to travel .
12 i do not think i would ever do that , unless my pets could come too .	pets are welcome . hope they do not get sea sick though !
1 partner's persona: i play several instruments.
2 partner's persona: my father played violin professionally.
3 partner's persona: i volunteer at the homeless shelter.
4 partner's persona: i'm a piano teacher on the side.
5 hello ! how are you doing today ?	great . i've a few minutes until i go to work at the supermarket .
6 oh that is fun ! i'm about to go help a homeless shelter	you are a kind person . what state to you live in . i'm from ohio .
7 i'm in new york . very nice a cold	i'd like to see new york . i have never travel out of ohio .
8 why is that ? traveling is very important	i've a pet cat named spook and i do not have a pet sitter .
9 that is the name of my violin !	this is a very strange coincidence .
10 lol . very strange . i play her professionally though	i love string instruments . such beautiful music .
11 it is very lovely , you just get lost in the sound	i'm hungry . i want to get lost in a pizza with black olives right now .
12 that is nasty . pizza is very disgusting	too much cheese for you ?
1 partner's persona: its red with blue stripe so it shiny when i race.
2 partner's persona: my main transportation is my motorbike.
3 partner's persona: i've light skin with big brown eyes.
4 partner's persona: i wear a motorbike helmet to protect my head.
5 partner's persona: i waitress during the day to supplement my income.
6 hello ! i have a red motorbike with blue stripes , how about you ?	hi i'm a pretty outdoorsy person
7 i love to ride my motorbike outdoors , with a helmet to protect my head .	yeah that is smart i do a lot of kayaking
8 fun ! i'm a waitress during the day . what is your work ?	i'm still in school at graduate school
9 ah , i see . what do you study ?	i'm studying science cause i love nature
10 being outside is fantastic .	yeah its great i'm also into animals
11 do you have any favorites ?	i work with dogs so i guess those are my faves
12 i see . what else can you tell me about yourself ?	i like to camp a lot and test my survival skills
13 i enjoy racing on my shiny motorbike .	that is nice do you compete a lot
1 partner's persona: i enjoy mountain biking as a hobby.
2 partner's persona: i'm a huge coffee lover.
3 partner's persona: i do not drink alcohol.
4 partner's persona: i hate the color pink.
5 hey how are you today	i'm fantastic , how are you doing ? ?
6 i am doing ok drinking some coffee	coffee is tasty , but i am a chocolate bar lover myself .
7 those can be pretty good as well . what do you do for fun	i enjoy playing ping pong ! what do you like to do for fun ?
8 i take my mountain bike out for a ride .	exciting ! how do you feel about electricity ?
9 i love to have it lol i do not know that much about it just about currents	my father has taught me a lot about it , he's an electrician .
10 that is a rewarding career . what is your favorite color ? mine is pink	brown like chocolate of course ! do you speak other languages ?
11 no i only speak english . i've not been able to learn anything else	to bad , we could be chatting in chinese !
12 that is a hard language to learn . did you go to school to learn it	no , i learned at home .
1 partner's persona: i am a mechanical engineer.
2 partner's persona: i live in colorado.
3 partner's persona: i like to go hiking in the spring.
4 partner's persona: i have a black lab named trooper.
5 hello there ! what is your favorite thing to do ?	hi i love watching tv you ?
6 i do a lot of hiking around my native colorado . obviously not in the winter	that sound like alot of fun i go to the gym alot .
7 but in the spring and fall trooper and i go hiking . he is my black lab pup .	that is cool i love animals .
8 what do you do for a living ? mechanical engineering is my day job .	i do work at home on the phone .
9 what kind of car do you drive ?	i drive a bmw i like spending money on it .
10 i drive an isuzu rodeo 2001 . forest green .	that's cool i like green .
11 me too . what is your favorite gym activity ?	i like all of them but mostly treadmill .
12 i prefer rowing ; strengthen the arms and chest and i can scale rock walls .	that sounds really interesting . i have climbed a wall before it isn't easy .
1 partner's persona: my favourite food is pizza.
2 partner's persona: i produce music for artists.
3 partner's persona: my pets name is charlie.
4 partner's persona: i listen to rap music.
5 partner's persona: i drive a 2015 honda civic.
6 hi , want to get to know each other ?	hello , do you like classic cars ?
7 not much . i drive a civic	i drive classic mustangs , they're amazing .
8 i guess . do you have any pets	i've dogs , two of them . sadie and isabel .
9 i've a rabbit named charlie	rabbits are so fluffy . i'd love to have one .
10 yeah he is awesome . he helps me listen to tapes of new rap artists	does he do any tricks ? do you walk him like a dog ?
11 no way man he is too chill for that	i have seen some that are , like the pot bellied pigs .
12 i could never have a pig . i eat too much sausage pizza	my cousin feeds his bacon .
13 gross . that is just not right	the pig likes it . they eat snakes too .
1 partner's persona: my favorite music genre is death metal.
2 partner's persona: i'm a swim coach at my local pool.
3 partner's persona: i'm studying to be a computer programmer.
4 partner's persona: my family and i are from india.
5 hello , tell me about yourself while i take a break from my programming studies .	no kidding ! i am in it ! same gig for 15 years !
6 nice ! right now i coach swimming while i finish up school . do you like music ?	i enjoy country like any real man .
7 i not invite you to see blood spot with me then . where are you from ?	florida . i own a home there . 2 kids , a dog a lady .
8 that's a full life ! i am just starting in this country , after moving from india	well i hope you namaste here ! get it ?
9 thank you ! do you have time for any hobbies with all those responsibilities ?	i do not share this , but i like to knit .
10 we all have our dirty secrets ! ; p	and you ? what do you do ?
11 i go to a lot of death metal shows , when i can get away from my family .	do you have any kids ?
12 no i move with my parents from india about a year ago . have you been to india ?	no , but i have been in the caribbean .
1 partner's persona: i'm 24 years old.
2 partner's persona: i work at a school as a kindergarten teacher.
3 partner's persona: i'm getting married in the spring.
4 partner's persona: my favorite singer is taylor swift.
5 hi , i am paula , what is your name	hope you are having a good evening . where are you from
6 i am a 24 year old woman from argentina , living in australia since may !	are you homesick or enjoying your experience
7 i work as kindergarten teacher at a school so pretty busy	i am sure you are busy . do you feel your work is your true calling ?
8 yep ! been working as a teacher for s long time ! do you like music ?	i love music . have you enjoyed tom petty ? so sad about his passing
9 i love taylor swift music ! will play it at my wedding next spring ! did not know !	congratulations on your wedding . how long have you known your partner ?
10 mm one year , we have just decided before this chat hehe	i wish you all the best . do you have great conversation
11 thank you ! where are you from ? did not ask	i am from west virginia usa . are you going to have a big wedding ?
1 partner's persona: i spent a decade working in the human services field.
2 partner's persona: i have a son who is in junior high school.
3 partner's persona: i'm a stay at home dad.
4 partner's persona: my father used to work for home depot.
5 partner's persona: horror movies are my favorites.
6 do you like horror movies ? i love horror movies .	yes i'm a huge fan
7 any horror movies you like in specific ?	friday the 13th and wrong turn . you ?
8 i love the conjuring movies and the exorcism .	cool . . . when i've a break from my horse farm i like to watch movies
9 i'm a father who stays at home and take care of his kids , you ?	i own a ranch and i'm in law school
10 wow , that's awesome what year of law school are you in ?	just my second , it will all be worth it though
11 definitely , i've a son in high school right now , i hope he goes to college .	hard work pays off . i hope he's successful after he graduates
12 yes i hope so too , i only wish nothing but the best for him .	you seem like a really cool dad
13 thank you , best of luck to you in law school !	you are very welcome and thanks
1 partner's persona: i love spending money.
2 partner's persona: i like to tan in tanning beds.
3 partner's persona: i am high maintenance.
4 partner's persona: i diet a lot.
5 hi i am very high class and conceited	hello , just came back from my trip to europe . i go there twice a year ! you ?
6 i travel everywhere , i spend lots to go on luxurious trips	do you like cooking ? i always cook paella and fish and chips ! i love them !
7 cook ? ? ? i'm to pretty to cook	well cooking is like an art , i majored art in college and it is really exciting !
8 i only eat salads , i have to maintain my figure	have you heard of christopher columbus ? i'm a descendant of his family !
9 i only eat salads , i've to maintain my figure	salad are a great way to keep your weight !
10 that is cool . you should know a lot about history	yeah i usually visit history museums when i go to europe .
11 when in europe all i do is shop	yeah they got a lot of great looking clothes !
1 partner's persona: cheeseburgers are my favorite food.
2 partner's persona: i like watching war documentaries.
3 partner's persona: i volunteer at a soup kitchen.
4 partner's persona: i'm a retired gym teacher.
5 partner's persona: i was poor growing up.
6 hello ! how are you this evening ?	not bad . lucky to have computer time here .
7 what do you do for a living ?	nothing since i got locked up . what do you do ?
8 i'm retired , used to be a gym teacher . i volunteer now , at a soup kitchen .	i should do that . need to find volunteer work when i get out .
9 i grew up poor , so i like to help people . why are you in jail ?	shoplifting . i have a month left .
10 that is tough . when you get out what do you want to do ?	not sure . have any ideas ?
11 maybe you could go back to school	my mom always brings that up . she is visiting tomorrow .
12 mom is usually right . what is your favorite food ?	not sure anymore . the same things do not sound good . getting old .
1 partner's persona: i play the violin and the guitar.
2 partner's persona: i love chocolate bars.
3 partner's persona: my father is an electrician.
4 partner's persona: i speak chinese.
5 partner's persona: i play ping pong.
6 hello , tell me something about yourself !	i am 56 years old and i am a housekeeper
7 do you have any hobbies or interests ?	yes , i love painting , i used to be a painter , but i went to housekeeping
8 youre creative ? me too , i play the violin and guitar	i love hearing the violin , and the guitar is kind of cool as well
9 do you play any sports ?	no , i used to play tennis , but not anymore
10 why do you not play it anymore	i sprained my ankle and i do not want it happening again
11 that is very understandable , i play pingpong	i know that has to be fun , how do you win against your opponents ?
12 i'm still an amateur so i hardly win haha	that's understandable , do you have any children ?
13 i do not , not yet , yourself ?	yes , as a matter of fact , i've two grown children , but they never come to visit
1 partner's persona: i love wearing skinny jeans and leggings.
2 partner's persona: i'm a blonde girl with really short hair.
3 partner's persona: my favorite hobbies are listening to music and playing video games.
4 partner's persona: my favorite shirts are band shirts and ruffle sleeves.
5 partner's persona: i'm rather skinny as i like to stay in shape.
6 hi ! how are you today ?	i am well . how about yourself ?
7 pretty good , just got done working out . love to stay in shape .	me too ! i try to make it as often as possible . i work a lot .
8 what do you do ? usually i'm listening to music and playing video games .	i produce music for rap artists mainly .
9 could you send me some band shirts ? they're my favorite to wear .	i don't get a lot of promo gear .
10 that's okay . just needed something to go with my skinny jeans . haha	add a man bun and my 2015 honda civic and you have me
11 hope the short blonde hair is okay for you , but i do love a good honda .	only if you love pizza as much as i do .
12 yes ! ! as long as i can still fit in my leggings afterwards .	good thing they make stretchy skinny jeans ; leggings are stretchy too !
13 that's true , you may have just changed my outlook on being skinny haha .	she'sn't mean skinny jean . she just wanted a taste . new song
1 partner's persona: i live with my husband in pennsylvania.
2 partner's persona: i read a book every week.
3 partner's persona: my favorite kind of movie is a documentary.
4 partner's persona: i am pregnant with my first child.
5 my husband and i live together here in pennsylvania	cool . i've a motorbike . do you drive ?
6 not right now there are complaints with my pregnancy first one	oh , i always wear a helmet to protect my head . what do you do for a living ?
7 housewife , every week i read books	i see , i waitress during the day to help supplement my income . do you like tanning
8 i'd love too but very far from sun	i do not tan , i have very light skin with big brown eyes .
9 i am into documentaries and stuffs	my motorbike is red with a blue stripe and shiny when i race !
10 oh how do you like though	i am sorry , what was that ?
11 how do you like your bike to be like that	i love it , i love how shiny it is
12 you like the color red with it	yes i do , red is one of my favorite colors
1 partner's persona: i play a lot of call of duty.
2 partner's persona: on weekends i do live action roleplaying events.
3 partner's persona: i like donuts.
4 partner's persona: my favorite band is the insane clown posse.
5 how are you ? taking a short break from call of duty . i play a lot .	nice , i'm currently taking a break from working on my vintage car .
6 nice weekend right ? i love going to live action role playing events usually on weekends .	sounds interesting ! i usually go to country music concerts on the weekends .
7 listening to insane clown posse right now . they're my favorite . not like country . . . .	that's funny , i've to vintage cars with radios set to my favorite music . country .
8 i've to go pick up some donuts . i am really into donuts right now .	that is funny . i could eat a donut while i work on my vintage cars .
9 i'm really like craving donuts .	i could drive you to get some in one of my two vintage mustangs .
10 can we listen to insane clown posse , my favorite band , in the car ?	sure , as long as you tell me all about donuts . you made me laugh so hard .
11 lol . next weekend , i'm doing a larp , live action role playing , event .	sounds awesome . do you dress up for these events ?
1 partner's persona: i'm very strong for my age.
2 partner's persona: i remember when nobody had a television.
3 partner's persona: i'm 100 years old.
4 partner's persona: i love to drink wine and dance in the moonlight.
5 hi . what are you doing this fine day ?	just enjoying my amazing grandchildren , and the great weather .
6 i've a lot of grand kids and great grand kids . i'm 100 after all	oh wow , i'm old too . i do not even own a smartphone .
7 it is funny . remember back when people didn't even have tvs ?	i do ! and , i still sew my clothes myself .
8 that is the way to do it . are you strong and healthy still ?	yes . i am now cancer free , and feeling great .
9 oh that is amazing ! congrats . i am very strong . i keep in shape .	that is wonderful for your age . i have a great retired life for sure .
10 what do you do for fun ?	i spend time with my husband , and we travel . you ?
11 i drink a lot of wine . and dance under the moonlight when i am intoxicated .	at 100 ! that is very impressive !
12 i try to keep my youth that way .	whatever works . maybe i'll take some tips from you .
1 partner's persona: i quit my job to pursue my spirituality full time.
2 partner's persona: i am a buddhist.
3 partner's persona: i've not spoken in three months.
4 partner's persona: i live in alaska.
5 hello , how are you today ?	hi ! great thanks . just taking a bath . you ?
6 trying to get through the day without speaking , it is very hard .	it is worth it though , just meditate . how old are you ?
7 i am buddhist , i am on a full time spiritual journey .	me too , i do not drink or smoke . i am 35 .
8 that's very good . i do not speak , have not in three months .	my dogs do not speak either , perhaps they're buddhist too ?
9 they very well could be , unless they're huskies or malamutes .	yes huskies are always catholic . i really like my foamy baths .
10 huskies are very noisy , especially the sled dogs here in alaska .	yes , they're hard workers though . my dogs are lazy , both of them .
11 i don't know about that . i don't have one .	are you married ? i'm not .
12 i'm not . nor will i ever be .	ok , i hope to be someday . i'm already 35 .
1 partner's persona: i work took i have a part time job at burger king.
2 partner's persona: they are constantly on my back.
3 partner's persona: i do not drink or do drugs or anything.
4 partner's persona: i just want to have fun with my friends.
5 partner's persona: i am 19 and i cannot wait to move out 19 my parents home.
6 how are you doing ? i just wanna have fun with friends !	hi ! me , too ! i made it to the court at homecoming ! i was queen !
7 cool come into burger king i work there part time	i would , but i am too busy studying . i am a totally a student , you know !
8 i am 19 saving to move out of my parents !	i am on the track team in high school . i want to run a big race !
9 i was , i do not drink or do drugs !	awesome ! i am going to college to become a physical therapist .
10 same when i can get my parents of my back	we should meet sometime ! after college !
11 yes sounds like a great plan	are you still in high school ?
12 no i am not . i am in real life a music teacher	i thought you worked at bk ?
13 oops went off character	oh , well . i do drama in my life , too !
1 partner's persona: i am partly deaf.
2 partner's persona: i've a big library at home.
3 partner's persona: i grow roses in my garden.
4 partner's persona: i love to drink fancy tea.
5 hi , what do you like to do ?	hello , i am a 20 year old man , i work in it . do you like dogs ?
6 not really , allergic to dogs , i do like fancy tea though	i love tea , do you enjoy sports at all ?
7 i lost hearing in one ear , so no sports for me , do you like to read ?	yes are there any books that you'd recommend ?
8 i have many books in my library , tale of two cities is great	are you religious at all ? i am very open minded to others beliefs
9 you could say i'm christmas and easter religious ,	are you excited for halloween ? i've been watching so many spooky movies
10 oh yes , i love halloween , whats your favorite movie ?	i like the new it movie , what movies do you enjoy ?
11 action and history mostly , the great escape is my favorite	i have never seen that movie , do you enjoy food ?
1 partner's persona: i've a hat collection of over 1000 hats.
2 partner's persona: i love cats and have two cats.
3 partner's persona: i have a weakness for vanilla ice cream.
4 partner's persona: my favorite season is winter.
5 partner's persona: i won a gold medal in the 1992 olympics.
6 hey how are you ? you like animals ?	yeah , animals are real good .
7 i love cats that's why i've 2	i love canines . and uh , tacos i just like
8 i'm a hat hoarder i have over 1000 .	you need to respond faster .
9 i am trying but it appears you are not	of four siblings , one is male and three are female
10 i don't have any i was lonely !	tell me more about that
11 well being alone made me fall in love with vanilla icecream .	wow what a flavor ! i love to listen to you
12 you are so sweet i like to eat it in my favorite season winter .	helps it to stay cold i bet . do you think woody allen is innocent ?
13 honestly , i certainly don't . you ?	innocent of not making movies that i don't hate , lol
1 partner's persona: my favourite skater is rob dryden.
2 partner's persona: my friends are all skateboarders.
3 partner's persona: i am a skateboarder.
4 partner's persona: i'm always wearing a hat.
5 partner's persona: i have a broken arm.
6 not sure if your there but i hope your doing well .	i am and how are you ?
7 kinda hurting a little bit to be honest but where are you from ?	little bit if everywhere being a army brat
8 my parents was in the service but you have any plans to go into the service ?	i am in the army
9 oh gotcha , i want to pursue a career as a pro skateboarder .	are you a really good boarder ?
10 i think so , all my friends skate and think i could make it .	are you still in school ?
11 no , currently in college . best to have a backup plan right ?	absolutely i never finished highschool sadly
12 school systems are a failing institution anyways . at least your making a difference in the army !	kind of a family tradition the army thing
13 my family pushed me to college . hey , want to see my skate videos ?	i'm cooking shawarma right now so i cant
1 partner's persona: i don't drink alcohol.
2 partner's persona: i hate the color pink.
3 partner's persona: i enjoy mountain biking as a hobby.
4 partner's persona: my father was a construction worker.
5 how is your day going ?	good . just hanging out listen to country music . how about you ?
6 that sounds great . i'm getting ready for a bike ride .	do you play any instruments ?
7 no , my main hobby is mountain biking . do you ?	i do ! i love playing the guitar . what else do you do ?
8 i got a guitar for a gift once . it was pink , the worst color ever !	i got my first guitar when i was three . i'd have loved a pink one
9 if i drank enough alcohol it might be cool now but i do not drink .	do you have a job ?
10 yes , i work for my father in construction . and you ?	i sing in a country music bank
11 wow , do you get to travel a lot ?	i do . but i grew up in the music industry
12 that's very different from my life . sounds interesting !	it was exciting with all the travel and music
1 partner's persona: i remember when nobody had a television.
2 partner's persona: i am 100 years old.
3 partner's persona: i feel like i might live forever.
4 partner's persona: i love to drink wine and dance in the moonlight.
5 hello how are you today ?	i'm great , how are you today ?
6 i'm fine . how old are you ? i'm a hundred years old .	wow , i'm 25 , and i love to read , 20 books this year .
7 reading is a good hobby , i remember when no one had a t . v .	i eat kosher so maybe i will live to be 100
8 a good diet is helpful , i feel good enough to be alive forever .	great ! my second job is being a stunt double , no broken bones ever .
9 your second job might kill you . i enjoy drinking wine .	lol , i was raised by a single parent , how about you ?
10 do you like to dance , i do in the moonlight ?	yes i like to dance , but i've not tried it in the moonlight .
11 it is very relaxing and a good way to enjoy being alive .	sounds like you are a fun person
12 well thank you you don't seem so bad yourself .	what else do you like to do for fun ?
1 partner's persona: i'm 60years old.
2 partner's persona: i think i'll retire in a few years.
3 partner's persona: i am a librarian.
4 partner's persona: i've visited spain a times.
5 partner's persona: i really like to travel.
6 what are you up to with tonight ?	singing songs from frozen with my mommy . what are you doing ?
7 a little reading and watching tv	do you like mickey mouse ?
8 i do like mickey mouse and want to travel to see him , do you like him ?	i get to see him every year at disney world !
9 wow , exciting , i hope to see him soon after i retire	i do not understand retire .
10 when i am done being a librarian and get to travel more instead	i love being in the third grade . i love the library !
11 what do you want to be when you grow up ?	a teacher , or maybe a librarian . do you like being a librarian ?
12 i do , like you i have loved the library since i was very young	have you read little house on the prairie ?
13 i have , have you , and do you like it ?	my mom is reading it to me , i like laura .
1 partner's persona: i only listen to country music.
2 partner's persona: i work my parents farms.
3 partner's persona: i've a pet cow.
4 partner's persona: i am an electrician.
5 hi how are you ? i own a cow .	hi i'm good you ? i tend to keep to myself
6 that is cool i own a farm so i keep to myself also	i am currently working on a robot that is a body double of myself .
7 that sounds very interesting for you .	do you have any allergies ? i have one to water .
8 no i don't . i work on electricity .	electrician have a very dangerous job .
9 yes it is i listen to country music while i work .	i absolutely love country music i listen to it while i work as well .
10 that is awesome it is my favorite .	i write twitches for a living .
11 that sounds cool never heard of it .	what do you like to do in your free time
12 i like to read what about you ?	i like to relax at the beach with a good book .
1 partner's persona: my favorite food is papaya.
2 partner's persona: my name is george.
3 partner's persona: i am a bee farmer.
4 partner's persona: i married a super model from italy.
5 hey ! i'm george , what is your name ?	i'm todd hicks . it is good to meet you .
6 nice to meet you ! what do you do ?	i work on a freelance basis as an author , blogger and affiliate marketer . and you ?
7 oh interesting ! i work with bees . . as a farmer !	do you grow crops too ?
8 nop . . i should since i love papaya ! are you married ?	no , i am single . are you single or are you married ?
9 i am married ! . . my lady is a top model from italy ! i aimed high hehe	have you ever been to italy ?
10 not yet , it i love to travel . . have you ?	no . i'd like to go there someday though .
11 yep , i was visiting my sis in spain last month , it is nice	it is nice that you had a good time .
1 partner's persona: i'm very lonely.
2 partner's persona: i've superpowers.
3 partner's persona: i live in the cloud.
4 partner's persona: i am a little girl.
5 hello , i'm 9 , do you want to be friends ?	hello yesterday was my 18th birthday .
6 in your earth years , i would suppose i'm around 2000 years old .	do you like fish i really like my pet fish .
7 we don't have fish on our cloud . what are they like ?	i have had a rough couple of months boyfriend break up blues .
8 was he cute ? mom says i can not date till i'm older .	he was average he didn't like my favorite color orange .
9 i wish i had a boyfriend . then maybe i wouldn't be so lonely . are you okay ?	doing okay now just living life .
10 you want to see my super power ?	why not i'm up for whatever .
11 i've the power of hindsight . you should not have left the cap off the toothpaste .	never my ocd wouldn't let me so keep practicing .
1 partner's persona: i hate my job.
2 partner's persona: i work as a car salesman.
3 partner's persona: my wife spends all my money.
4 partner's persona: i am 40 years old.
5 partner's persona: i am planning on getting a divorce.
6 hello . are you married ? i'm and my wife spends most of my money .	lol i'm not . . been with the same woman 6 years and she spends alot
7 i am going to get divorced .	oh well i am sorry to hear that . do you work
8 yes . i sell cars but i strongly dislike my job .	i'd love to work from home . . doing what i'm not sure
9 do you have any hobbies ? i'm 40 and don't have many hobbies .	i love roleplaying in games on the internet
10 wow . that sounds potentially interesting . . .	i used to love animals , but hated vet school
11 do you have any pets now ?	i've a dog , he's super cool . . getting old though
12 does he do any tricks ?	he plays dead . . i am worried one day he won't be playing anymore
13 haha . what kind of dog ?	a pitbull , such pretty dogs
1 partner's persona: my parents were also teachers.
2 partner's persona: my favorite band is up and i got to see them in concert once.
3 partner's persona: i love to play board games.
4 partner's persona: i am an elementary school teacher.
5 hello ! how are you today ?	doing well , just singing along to the frozen movie . how are you ?
6 i love singing frozen but my favorite band is up . saw them in concert !	that's awesome . i'm in third grade so i don't go to concerts yet .
7 oh wonderful ! i work as an elementary school teacher ! my parents were teachers too .	that's cool ! do you ever go to disney ? i go every year !
8 i've never been ! i usually just stay at home and play board games while on vacation .	mickey is my favorite ! you should definitely go . epcot is educational too !
9 i like goofy the most . thank you i will think about it .	other than disney , you can find me on the playground with my friends .
10 that's nice ! do you have a favorite activity ?	i enjoy collecting disney movies , and singing along to them .
11 that's so fun ! i love watching movies too .	what is your favorite movie ?
12 an old movie named casablanca !	white house ? i know a little spanish .
1 partner's persona: i've solar panels on my roof.
2 partner's persona: i love social medial especially twitter.
3 partner's persona: i'm a feminist.
4 partner's persona: i buy only organic food products.
5 partner's persona: i spend a lot of time browsing the internet.
6 hello ! i'm jennifer , a big fan of social media sites . who are you ?	hi jennifer ! it is very nice to meet you . i'm andie .
7 what do you do andie ? do you work ?	yes i work . i am in the construction business , i mainly build houses . what about you ?
8 i'm a teacher , i teach high school english .	that is wonderful . do you have any pets ?
9 yes , a dog . he's smart . do you have pets ?	i've five cats . i'm a cat person , they are so special to me !
10 wow , five ! they probably keep you busy .	oh yes . i always knew i'd be a crazy old cat lady .
11 are you married ? what does your family think of the cats ?	no , i've never found love . men always want me to choose between them or the cats .
12 men ! i often wish they were a bit more understanding . . .	i couldn't agree more ! i miss my dad , the best man i know .
13 has he passed away ? how long ago ?	when i was 16 . luckily , he taught me everything i know about construction .
1 partner's persona: my father used to work for home depot.
2 partner's persona: i've a son who is in junior high school.
3 partner's persona: i'm a stay at home dad.
4 partner's persona: horror movies are my favorites.
5 partner's persona: i spent a decade working in the human services field.
6 hello , how are you this afternoon ?	hi 23 and i enjoy food a lot
7 lol . who doesn't enjoy food ? what do you do for a living	even though i like to cook i am not great at it .
8 i learned how to cook when i was laid off and stayed home with my son	i own a yacht but also rent it out
9 that sounds fun , i will have to talk about a boat with my wife , she loves water .	that's awesome ! i also grave and have done it for years
10 do you like sports ? animals ?	i do i play soccer from time to time
11 my son plays everything . drives my wife crazy .	i can understand that , my mom gets annoyed pretty quick
12 its okay . i can deal with it .	well that's good , but can you handle your nagging wife
13 my wife does not nag .	my mom does , it can be so annoying
1 partner's persona: i've a cat named spook.
2 partner's persona: my favorite band is the who.
3 partner's persona: i work for our local supermarket.
4 partner's persona: my favorite food is pizza with black olives.
5 partner's persona: i have never been out of ohio.
6 hi , do you like to travel much ? i have never left ohio myself	hello , and i haven't been outside of the us
7 i would love to travel to italy and have pizza with olives my favourite ! you ?	italy sounds nice , i want to travel the world myself
8 anywhere in particular ? i would love to see the who in concert in the uk	puerto rico , london , i heard they were amazing places
9 sounds great got to save the money first , will take ages on my supermarket wage	i mean same here tax time is the best time to travel really
10 do you have pets ? tricky to find someone to look after them while travelling	only birds i work a lot to have any pets
11 shame i've a cat called spook suits her ! what about hobbies ?	lol your cat must be black with scary eyes
12 she's indeed ! where do you work ? my job is boring supermarket	i work as a chef at the sheraton hotel but the pay sucks
13 same trying to save up to see my fave band the who taking ages ! you ?	ready for dec 16th to have my baby girl
1 partner's persona: my current goal is to run a k.
2 partner's persona: i won homecoming queen this year.
3 partner's persona: when i grow up i want to be a physical therapist.
4 partner's persona: i make straight as in school.
5 hi . i am studying to keep my straight as up . what about you ?	well i worked with human services for 10 years , now i am a father who stays home .
6 cool . have you ever won a homecoming ? this year i won queen !	my wife , my queen died . she was murdered . now my favorite moves are horror .
7 sorry to hear ! do you have a current goal ? running a k is my goal .	my goal is raising my son , he is in junior high . he has been traumatized
8 that is sad . does he know what he wants to be when he grows up ?	i hope he's like his mother , i make him watch the horror movies with me .
9 that is cool ! i love horror movies as well !	my son , sometimes he reminds me of my dead wife and i wish he would go away
10 well that's sad . it is not his fault . i hope that changes .	hey ? want to go get lunch and make out or something ?
11 i'd but i don't think my parents would like that .	i'll bring my son he can watch and we will not tell your mom or dad
1 partner's persona: i won homecoming queen this year.
2 partner's persona: when i grow up i want to be a physical therapist.
3 partner's persona: i am currently in high school.
4 partner's persona: my current goal is to run a k.
5 partner's persona: i make straight as in school.
6 hello ! i was honored to be a homecoming queen this year . how are you ?	hi . that is wonderful ! actually , i am pretty hungry for anything right now , burger or salad .
7 lets eat beef . my goal is to run a 5k soon .	yum . will be ready to run again after i have my twins in 2 months .
8 did you take fertility stuff ? when i am older i want to be a physical therapist .	all natural . . . second time . . . twins this time .
9 i'm in high school and have straight as . i hope to be pregnant soon .	care for self first . i'm a bank teller and just bought first home last year .
10 i want to have 12 children before 30 because i don't care about carbon emissions .	haha . . . i've a toddler . . . worry about time and sleep more than carbon footprint
11 ya , if the world heats up enough where humans cant exist , oh well	everyone is different . . . live life best we can and do what we can .
12 i heard you should dump as much plastic everywhere and eat at buffets .	recycle and be cleanly . . . everything in moderation
13 i will eat 6 pounds of cinnamon rolls today for a challenge . then hopefully be pregnant .	sounds like a plan . . . days off are nice . . . back to work tomorrow
1 partner's persona: i enjoy working with my hands and love gardening.
2 partner's persona: my father keeps trying to set me up on blind dates.
3 partner's persona: i was adopted at a young age to an older couple.
4 partner's persona: i am terrified of clowns due to childhood trauma.
5 partner's persona: i just got a job working in a gas station.
6 hello , do you have hobbies ?	i enjoy walking my dog what about you ?
7 gardening is what i love , and doing stuff with my hands .	i don't have much time for gardening with my ever growing family !
8 i m not married but my dad keeps setting me up with people .	i do not have that problem , i've a doctor for a husband
9 cool . i just started working at a gas station .	sounds fun i play tennis for a living
10 that is an interesting job . how do you actually make money doing that ?	winning tournaments . keeps me fit as well so i can run up my 3 storey house
11 i still live with my folks , they're older , they adopted me late in life .	do you hope to get your own place soon ? it is very expensive
12 working at a gas station is not going to make me rich .	do you want children one day ? my family is growing all the time
1 partner's persona: my favorite music is country.
2 partner's persona: i've two dogs.
3 partner's persona: i like to work on vintage cars.
4 partner's persona: i like to go to country concerts on weekends.
5 partner's persona: i own two vintage mustangs.
6 how are you doing today	i am ok , i think . taking it one day at a time .
7 is everything okay with you	no , my pills make me hallucinate a bit . it is scary .
8 what kind of pills do you take	antidepressants and others , better than my drinking used to be .
9 why are you on them	i was addicted to alcohol and my brain is damaged . i'm paranoid too .
10 you must have had a rough life	it started out ok , on the farm . now i'm in new york city .
11 what did you do on the farm	raise cattle and drink . now i am so sad and delusional .
12 what do you like in life	sleeping , that's when i don't see demons . how about you
13 i like cars and music	i see cars in my house when it is real bad . music is fun though .
1 partner's persona: i do like watching cooking shows.
2 partner's persona: i love rollercoasters and sky diving.
3 partner's persona: i am not a good swimmer at all.
4 partner's persona: i'm a vegan and i love hummus.
5 partner's persona: hello i just moved here from germany.
6 hi how are you doing	great . my new husband and i are now homeowners . you a homeowner ?
7 i recently moved to the us i'm just renting for now	oh okay . i teach in a school and pregnant with triplets . you have children ?
8 wow that is exciting i do not have kids	where you from ? i am from canada ? life here is different . you agree ?
9 germany ! ! ! life is definitely different here	oh okay . hmmm . you make your own sausage ?
10 no i'm vegan so i do not eat sausage lol	my stepdaughter loves german sausage . you sing or dance ? i do both .
11 no but i have a passion for skydiving	wow ! i jumped off a porch once . what your fave dish ?
12 i love anything i can eat with hummus	great . you ever tried it with tuna or do you even eat fish ?
1 partner's persona: i'm terrified of scorpions.
2 partner's persona: i have a german shepherd named barnaby.
3 partner's persona: my favorite color is grey.
4 partner's persona: my father drove a car for nascar.
5 partner's persona: i'm employed by the us postal service.
6 hi how are you this evening ?	great ! i am larry here . a chef 80 of the time . . . on my pontoon 20
7 nice ! do you like german shepards ? i do , mine is named barnaby	great dog . i'm into comic books , but love dogs big dogs !
8 comic are cool . i am scared of insects especially scorpions	are you afraid of spiders then ? spiderman is my fav comic book
9 yes terrified ! what is your favorite color ? mine is gray .	i guess blue , the color of crystal clear water on the lake
10 nice ! do you like nascar ? my father drove for a while	wow ! my brothers built stock cars until an accident that killed a friend .
11 that's so sad ! where do you work ? i work at the post office .	i'm head chef at a popular restaurant chain
12 cool ! i love going out to eat .	i've several specialty dishes , and my family comes by once in a while .
13 that sounds so wonderful ! do you have kids ?	no . i'm not married yet . almost engaged once . how about you ?
1 partner's persona: they are constantly on my back.
2 partner's persona: i just want to have fun with my friends.
3 partner's persona: i work took i've a part time job at burger king.
4 partner's persona: i am 19 and i cannot wait to move out 19 my parents home.
5 hello , kim here , suffering from nagging parents . who is this ?	hey girl , chelsea here . olympic gold medal holder . sorry about your parents !
6 nag , nag , nag , i work too ! at bk , what did you gold in ?	gymnastics ! bk is good , but my fave is italian .
7 i'm oppressed , totally ! you must be limber and skinny . wish i was	oh girl , its not really worth it . i train so hard for what ? a necklace , basically !
8 yeah i hear you , i work , 20 hours and they still give me a curfew , but endorsement ?	they are just trying to take care of you !
9 they do not like my friends , i am grownup now ! i am moving out	do it , girl ! get that independence going !
10 i will ! you can get endorsements for your medal and make big bucks	yeah , but this isn't my true passion . i really just want to collect yellow items
11 what kind of yellow items besides a gold metal ?	flowers , rain boots , cheeses , you name it !
1 partner's persona: i'm a blonde girl with really short hair.
2 partner's persona: my favorite shirts are band shirts and ruffle sleeves.
3 partner's persona: i love wearing skinny jeans and leggings.
4 partner's persona: i'm rather skinny as i like to stay in shape.
5 partner's persona: my favorite hobbies are listening to music and playing video games.
6 hey , tell me about yourself , what do you like to do for fun ?	hello , i love to walk my dog and go to church events
7 i am a blonde girl , in great shape and rather skinny .	so am i ! what do you do for work ?
8 i'm in college . but i love playing video games and listening to music .	i'm a teacher . maybe you are one of my students
9 lol , maybe . i usually wear band shirts and ruffle sleeves , skinny jeans and leggings	i like to wear skinny jeans too , except not for church every sunday .
10 i agree . i also have really short hair . do i sound familiar ?	you do sound familiar . you always sit in the fri
11 yes , i hope i'm your favorite student . i do get great grades .	you are . you should come with me next time i walk my dog
12 i love dogs and walking is great exercise . keeps me in shape .	it is very important for us girls to stay in shape
1 partner's persona: i am a boy.
2 partner's persona: i was born with my heart outside my body.
3 partner's persona: i had to have a transplant.
4 partner's persona: i can move objects with my mind.
5 partner's persona: since the surgery i've had strange powers.
6 just a boy here , i was born with my hear on the outside of my body	the city is where i live now , i hate taking so many medications
7 i had a transplant , since the surgery now i move things with my mind	okay , how you deal with it ? i see things sometimes . . .
8 its fun being a boy and doing magical things	i see , this is something new to me , maybe the alcohol is getting into me
9 haha i'm picking my nose and farting	do you like the farm ? i grew up there
10 i do , we have a nice garden group in salt lake city	why would you want to do that at the same time ?
11 i can move the burgers into the trash with my powers	nope , tell me more about it .
12 i meant boogers with my powers	what is your powers exactly ?
13 i can move objects with me brains	oh no . . . please do not say stuff like that
1 partner's persona: my favorite ice cream flavor is chocolate.
2 partner's persona: i have three children.
3 partner's persona: i love going to the park with my three children and my wife.
4 partner's persona: my wife and kids are the best.
5 good morning . how are you ?	i am ok , drinking a lot of coffee , how about you ?
6 just relaxing waiting on my wife and three children to get ready .	where are you all going to ?
7 we are going to the park . e do it once a week . how about you ?	i'm getting ready to go mountain biking . it is fun !
8 we are going to get my fav chocolate ice cream on the way home . have fun !	i love ice cream too , but mostly coffee flavor .
9 what else do you like besides coffee ? my family steers c ; ear of it .	well , i don't drink alcohol , so coffee and diet soda . what about you ?
10 i'm an ice cream and ice water kind of guy .	ah . so is my dad , he worked construction , he is the same .
11 what about your mom ? what is she like ?	she's the greatest mom , i saw her yesterday . do you see your mom ?
12 no . she passed away years ago .	oh , i'm so sorry . i'm lucky to still have mine .
1 partner's persona: i've a german shepherd dog.
2 partner's persona: i enjoy coloring books.
3 partner's persona: i like to watch nhl hockey.
4 partner's persona: my husband is adopted.
5 hello , how are you this morning ?	great ! you ? what do you do ?
6 i stay at home with the kids and dog , while my husband works . you ?	i work as a custodian , to pay bills . i'm also a musician
7 my husband is gone a lot , what kind of music ?	rock ! i hope to make it big ! i pay the piano and guitar .
8 that's so cool , our daughter plays sax .	awesome ! does she sing too ? i sing !
9 no , she does not . our oldest son tries to sing .	are you supportive of her dream ? my parents aren't .
10 i am supportive of them all , even my husbands quest to find his biological parents .	oh he's adopted ? how nice !
11 he's . he's a detective , i am very proud of him and our kids .	law enforcement work is respectable work . you should be proud !
12 do you have any hobbies ? i like those adult coloring books .	just playing the guitar , piano and singing . i like to color too !
1 partner's persona: my parents were also teachers.
2 partner's persona: for vacation i enjoy time at the beach.
3 partner's persona: i am an elementary school teacher.
4 partner's persona: my favorite band is up and i got to see them in concert once.
5 hey tell me about yourself ?	hello ! i'm a super fun girl and i love everything disney . how about you ?
6 i work at a elementary school and love going to the beach on holiday !	cool ! i love to go to disney world instead of the beach . i attend an elementary school .
7 that is neat ? which one ? my parents also teach elementary schools .	cook elementary . what is your favorite character from frozen ?
8 i love elsa ! and yours ?	i love anna the best ! she has really cool hair and gets to kiss kristoff lol .
9 yep very fun ! what do you like music wise ? i adore up !	i like the frozen songs best . how old are you ?
10 i'm 26 and you ?	eight and a half ! ! ! are you married ?
11 yes i have a wonderful husband .	oh how nice ! i hope to have a husband some day too .
12 you have your whole life in front of you i'm sure you'll	maybe i'll meet him at disney world ! 3
1 partner's persona: i live in the cloud.
2 partner's persona: i have superpowers.
3 partner's persona: i like to make time stop.
4 partner's persona: i am a little girl.
5 hi there how is it going ?	hi . good . watching sports on tv . love it !
6 nice what else do you like	it . been working in the industry for 15 years now . where do you work ?
7 i'm too lil to work but i do have something i should not superpowers	oh no . i live in florida . you could come and stay at my house .
8 i like living in the clouds	sounds like fun . i'm afraid of heights so are my dogs .
9 what do you like then ?	my children , sports , not time for much else .
10 would your kids mind if i stay with you ?	probably not . if the dog likes you , you are all good .
11 how is the weather were you are ?	well , as long as the hurricanes stay away , i'm happy . how about for you ?
12 its getting really chilly here in chicago but i will make time stop	the windy city . yeah , it is definitely warmer in florida .
1 partner's persona: a already have a step children.
2 partner's persona: i just moved into my first home.
3 partner's persona: i work at a school.
4 partner's persona: i'm expecting triplets in three months.
5 partner's persona: i recently moved to this country.
6 hello , how are you doing ?	fantastic just got home from a wonderful restaurant
7 how was the food there ?	fantastic , it was a new place in japan , i have been here a week ,
8 i just recently moved to japan as well . i love it here !	oh ? i was just in paris , have you been there ? it is beautiful !
9 no , i would live to go . i just bought my first home though .	in japan ? i might get a home some day , but for now i'm traveling the world
10 yes , japan . i'm having triplets soon , so any traveling is on hold .	that is really cool ! , do you cook at home or go out to eat ?
11 i've stepchildren , i like to cook at home for them . what about you ?	i love to cook , but i tend to burn things . do you enjoy the ocean ?
12 i do ! i love to go on my summer breaks from school . what about you ?	i have a yacht but since i'm not home i rent it out
1 partner's persona: my aunt helped me escape when i was of.
2 partner's persona: i was born in somalia.
3 partner's persona: i like to dance.
4 partner's persona: now i live in the united states.
5 hi . how is everything going ?	hi . everything is going well on this end .
6 where are you from ? i am originally from somalia .	i am from detroit , mi . what do you like to do for fun ?
7 i love dancing and singing .	that's interesting . i'd consider myself a gamer .
8 i like gaming now that i am in the us .	oh really ? what kind ? i love fps . my fav is cod .
9 i like survival games . reminds me of when my aunt helped me escape somalia .	that is some heavy stuff . i'm glad you are safe
10 thanks . so what else do you do for fun ?	on the weekend , i get together with friends and do live action roleplaying
11 awesome . that sounds really exciting .	yeah it is fun but a lot of work .
1 partner's persona: i have a hat collection of over 1000 hats.
2 partner's persona: i won a gold medal in the 1992 olympics.
3 partner's persona: i love cats and have two cats.
4 partner's persona: my favorite season is winter.
5 hi names bill and i collect hats and have over a thousand	what are hats ? the wifey left me and stole my children .
6 yeah , why did she do that ? i have cats named samson and delilah	because i am fat and depressed . working at a nursing home does that to me .
7 in 2002 i won a gold metal in the olympics	i did not qualify for the olympics because god doesn't exist
8 i love the winter what is your fave weather	winter because i become fatter and have an excuse to be on facebook all the time .
9 yeah it is much colder in the winter time	why is that ? i would like to go to a buffet today .
10 its just that feeling of coziness	do you have a fireplace ?
11 yes i do and i cuddle with my two cats	oh i love cats . what kind of cats ?
12 one is a tabby yet overweight and the other is a black and white cat	do you give them catnip ?
1 partner's persona: i listen to rap music.
2 partner's persona: my favourite food is pizza.
3 partner's persona: i drive a 2015 honda civic.
4 partner's persona: i produce music for artists.
5 partner's persona: my pets name is charlie.
6 hi , i produce rap music for artists , i mostly like rap music .	hi , i also like rap music . mostly somalian rap .
7 yeah , my cat likes rap music too , his name is charlie	i got a cat named ziggy when i moved to the united states . he likes reggae music .
8 looks like my cat and your cat should introduce themselves	we should have them meet at a cat park so they can have a rap battle .
9 cool , should i come pick them up in my 2015 honda civic ?	that sounds good . i could pick them up next week in my 1976 chevy impala .
10 ok , can i bring some pizza ? i love pizza	i love pizza too ! that was the first food i ate when i moved from somalia .
11 i was just going to ask you if your from somalia ?	yes i'm . my aunt helped me escape somalia when i was thirteen years old .
12 hey that is great . i'm happy for you	thank you . where are you from ?
13 i am from bratislava but i live in america	what part of the world is bratislava ?
1 partner's persona: i'm overweight and unhappy.
2 partner's persona: i work at a nursing home.
3 partner's persona: my wife left me and took my children.
4 partner's persona: i do not believe in god.
5 partner's persona: i spend most of my time on facebook when i am not working.
6 hello , how are you today ?	how do you feel about video games ?
7 video games are ok . i prefer facebook .	they'ren't really comparable .
8 what do you do for work ? i work for a nursing home .	i use to work with animals but i hated it so i'm job searching .
9 good luck . i spend my free time on facebook since my wife left me .	i'm sorry to hear that . maybe you should try getting back out there
10 yeah , i'm not sure . i'm pretty overweight .	so what ? fat people deserve love too .
11 you are right ! i'm tired of being unhappy .	your happiness is in your control .
12 yes , so tell me more about yourself .	i play video games . would love to make a living out of it
13 cool . i don't play video games much .	it is my favorite past time
1 partner's persona: i am in the third grade.
2 partner's persona: mickey mouse is my favorite character.
3 partner's persona: i play with my friends on the playground.
4 partner's persona: i love to go to disney world every year.
5 hi there how is your night ?	my parents are on my back again . i can't stand it . you ?
6 i'm in 3rd grade i can never don'thing	that makes you , what ? 8 ? 9 ?
7 yep i'm 9 10 in december	that makes me 10 years older than you . my parents still treat me like i'm 9
8 whats your fave cartoon mine is mickey mouse	mickey mouse is cool , but i like scooby doo a lot
9 haha so does my older brother who always looks like shaggy	that is great . those guys are such weirdos .
10 lol what do you like to do ? i like spending time at the playground	i work part time at burger king . i just like hanging with my friends .
11 me too we usually just go to the playground or library	sounds like fun . i did those things at your age . you have a favorite book ?
12 nope i like all books but my last one was lord of the flies	pretty advanced for your age . awesome .
1 partner's persona: i diet a lot.
2 partner's persona: i'm high maintenance.
3 partner's persona: i love spending money.
4 partner's persona: i like to tan in tanning beds.
5 hi , i tend to do a lot of dieting . how are you ?	hello , getting ready to start baking for the bake sale .
6 is it a charity event ? i am always trying to spend money .	it is . for the band . please come , there are healthy options .
7 i'll be there ! just a warning , i'm very high maintenance .	so am i , lol . i'm always getting my hair and nails done .
8 do you like to tan ? we can tan in tanning beds some day .	i do not . i have a wonderful backyard with a lot of privacy .
9 lucky . i don't have a yard and live in a multi family home .	that's awful . i'd not like that at all .
10 it is tough and smelly . 25 people and 3 toilets .	that would be awful . you really should move .
11 i cant yet . need to save money , spend it too quickly .	i would be saving all i could
12 ya , spend a lot of clothes and health care bills .	clothes are a weakness of mine as well .
1 partner's persona: i hate the color pink.
2 partner's persona: i don't drink alcohol.
3 partner's persona: my father was a construction worker.
4 partner's persona: i am a huge coffee lover.
5 partner's persona: i enjoy mountain biking as a hobby.
6 hello ! how are you today ?	i'm fine from alabama , enjoying my tacos and brother .
7 that sounds delicious . i am drinking my coffee .	oh yea ? i am liking my tacos then .
8 tacos are yummy . just not margaritas .	oh darn . how many siblings do you have ?
9 i've 2 sisters . they love pink , i hate pink .	i happen to have three . and a brother . go figure .
10 oh wow . that sounds fun . do you have a bike ?	no no bike . in all labor there's profit , so i guess i could get one .
11 yes , that's a good way to look at it . get a mountain bike .	in the multitude of counselors there is safety . my lovely dog would run behind me .
12 i'm not sure i understand , but ok then .	what i mean is , i value your opinion . you could have a taco .
13 i am out of coffee ! i need to get more !	i think alabama can help you with your fix , where i live .
1 partner's persona: i have two grown children who never visit.
2 partner's persona: i used to be pretty but time hasn't been kind.
3 partner's persona: i'm a 56 year old woman.
4 partner's persona: i used to be a painter but now i am a housekeeper.
5 hey there hows it going	i am alright , my like hasn't been the best recently . how are you ?
6 pretty much the same , things are looking up though , what do you do ?	i work in the music industry , help artists create amazing albums . what do you do ?
7 i used to paint a lot , now i clean houses and paint in my spare time	that sounds fun ! where do you live ?
8 southern area of texas , you ?	california , not my favorite place but that's alright
9 i'd love to live in california , lucky	its a nice place , just not very many job opportunities out here for me anymore
10 it would seem hard , being the popular area it is	very true , just hope the fires in the area don't burn my house down
11 i'm sure ! is it super bad ? i haven't personally heard from some one there	pretty awful at the moment , super smoky air
12 i'm sure that's not fun to inhale	not at all , well enough about me , what do you do for fun ?
1 partner's persona: i'm an avid kayaker.
2 partner's persona: i enjoy reading journals and guides related to psychology.
3 partner's persona: i walk dogs for a living.
4 partner's persona: i am also a graduate student.
5 hey . how are you . just got back from kayaking	sounds fun , one of my hobbies is mountain biking .
6 great exercise . i work out by walking dogs	i love dogs , coffee is also something i love !
7 i live on coffee . love it	i grew up in a large family , my father worked in construction , how about you ?
8 small family . only kid . and it is great	i don't drink , and i loathe the color pink , hate it .
9 me too . do you like to read ? i do .	i do , love reading , one of my favorite things to do .
10 mine too . all different kinds	i'm not married and no kids , but would like a family one day , you ?
11 no kids . no family . just me	must get lonely , i like people around and noise .
12 it does but i'm a medium so i have lots of spirits around me	sounds spooky but fun ! any mean ones ?
1 partner's persona: i am expecting twins in two months.
2 partner's persona: a already have a children.
3 partner's persona: i just bought my first home.
4 partner's persona: i work at a bank.
5 partner's persona: i am an omnivore.
6 hey there , are you a mother ?	no . i sing country music . no kids yet .
7 i have two kids , and some twins coming up . i love country music .	i would like to go on tour with the rascal flats .
8 he wrote life is a highway , right ?	i thought tom cochran wrote that .
9 oh , well i do not know much about country , i work as a teller at chase .	i used to spend summers at national parks . that is where i learned guitar at age 3
10 i bought a home near a national park recently .	we did campfire sing a longs . my parents taught me on a ukulele first
11 that's cool . my parents taught me what an omnivore is . i'm one .	i'm trying to be vegan . it is not easy though .
12 yeah i could never give up meat .	what about lab grown meat ? would that make it easy to give up real meat ?
13 i have not heard a lot about lab grown meat .	it is supposed to be exactly like the real thing . not sure how that is possible though
1 partner's persona: i enjoy being around people.
2 partner's persona: in my spare time i do volunteer work.
3 partner's persona: i volunteer in a homeless shelter.
4 partner's persona: i like to workout a a times a week.
5 hi , i like to keep fit and work out 5 times a week	i used to teach gym retired now , grew up poor
6 in my spare time i work for free in a homeless shelter	just watched a war documentary while eating a cheese burger
7 that is in the past you can be rich today , i love people and hang out	yeah i agree , rich in heart
8 don't get fat on burgers , i love to do volunteer work	true bad for you , good stuff .
9 i love cheese burgers with chips and soda yum .	yeah even with the fat on them ?
10 do you help the homeless ? they love cheese burgers .	in real life , i'm a music professor and i do help the homeless
11 they love the fats , not all homeless people are fat .	oh oh well hmmm i guess okay ?
12 what is your real life ? this is not your real life ?	i enjoy doing amazon work when i am laying around
1 partner's persona: i have a broken arm.
2 partner's persona: i'm always wearing a hat.
3 partner's persona: i am a skateboarder.
4 partner's persona: my favourite skater is rob dryden.
5 partner's persona: my friends are all skateboarders.
6 hello , how are you ? where abouts are you ?	i am in chicago . where are you ?
7 in scotland . is chicago as cold and wet as it is here ?	yes , but i am allergic to water . this is very unfortunate .
8 it is . how do you keep clean ?	i don't go outside much . i stay clean this way .
9 i want to go outside . i managed to break my arm skateboarding so i m stuck indoors .	i only stream to my 100 , 000 subscribers on twitch . i don't play real sports
10 100k is very impressive . how long did it take to get that many ?	since i helped make starcraft , my name was already out there . 6 months .
11 made as in developed ? that s very cool .	designed , yes . now i'm making a robot to be a body double of myself .
12 a robot that looks like you ?	indeed , but it is still a prototype
13 good luck with that . what games do you stream ?	usually older generation , like ps1 and super nintendo . do you watch twitch ?
1 partner's persona: i love cooking but i also enjoy fishing.
2 partner's persona: spiderman is my favorite.
3 partner's persona: hey my name is larry and i am a chef.
4 partner's persona: if i am not cooking in the kitchen then i am definitely on the water.
5 partner's persona: l also love comic books.
6 hello , how are you ?	hello , i'm feeling fit since i visited the gym today ! how are you ?
7 that's absolutely great just fantastic	after rowing and running on the treadmill , i'm pretty hungry . do you work out ?
8 yes after i cook all my chef food	i enjoy a great meal , but usually just eat when there isn'thing else to do . haha
9 yeah that's cool , what is your favorite color ?	green , and it shows with my bright green crew cut ! what is yours ?
10 i love red , reminds me of summer time .	nice . is summer your favorite season ? my two huskies aren't a fan of the heat .
11 yes i really like waffles too	waffles are my main reason for hitting the gym ! you are a person a varied interests !
12 i like to keep it interesting	that's great ! what are your hobbies other than cooking ?
13 i love to dance in the rain	have not doe that since i was a kid , but was always afraid of lightening ! haha
1 partner's persona: i'm an economics major.
2 partner's persona: i'm married with two kids.
3 partner's persona: i just bought a house recently.
4 partner's persona: i see the rolling stones in concert every year.
5 partner's persona: i eat a raw diet.
6 hello , how are you tonight ?	great , just got home from roleplaying as my favorite character . you ?
7 i am doing great . getting ready to see the rolling stones in concert .	awesome . i am seeing insane clown posse tomorrow in my ford pinto !
8 wow a ford pinto . i sold my vintage car to help buy a house recently .	congratulations ! if you are bored , come over and play call of duty and eat donuts !
9 no donuts for me . i only eat healthy foods .	like what ? i make vegan donuts ! do you play video games ?
10 yes . i've kids , so video games in the house is a must .	would you try vegan donuts ? they are all natural !
11 yes i could , find a recipe and send it to me	perfect . do you exercise ? i pretend to be different characters .
12 i exercise when i've time . what activity do you do	its called live action roleplaying
13 my kids might like that game .	probably . mine do . what other activities do you do ?
1 partner's persona: i prefer being inside.
2 partner's persona: whats up i'm a 46 year old single dad 46 a kids.
3 partner's persona: my ex cheated and left me for a lawyer.
4 partner's persona: i am a recording engineer and own my own studio.
5 partner's persona: i live in california but the recording artist market was dead last year.
6 i did time in pelican bay	when ? when not at my practice i go to the park .
7 shu program , 24 7 lockdown , got to play basketball sometimes	wow , interesting are you any good ?
8 i still have memories of my time there , the noise , the demons , the darkness	sorry to hear that , you should watch friday
9 i am actually better than michael jordan ever was , but talent sometimes gets directed elsewhere in life	i would love to see you play
10 ok lets play a game , you can meet me on moon ?	no , i'm unable to travel to the moon . i have to work
11 i will build you a spaceship to get here	please do , then i can consider that
12 ok it is done , as for work for get it , put million in your bank account	that is a relief ! no more patient complaints
13 you rich , your welcome , now we can play basketball all day	you'll have to teach me , i never played much
1 partner's persona: i volunteer in a homeless shelter.
2 partner's persona: in my spare time i do volunteer work.
3 partner's persona: i am a professional wrestler.
4 partner's persona: i like to workout a a times a week.
5 partner's persona: i enjoy being around people.
6 hello . what do you like to do in your free time ?	well hiking in spring time is my favorite
7 sounds serene . i like to workout and volunteer in my free time .	o ok i work out with my lab named trooper as well
8 what do you do for a living ?	mechanical engineer for chevy and nissan
9 impressive . i am a professional wrestler .	wow is it real or acted out
10 its the kind on tv	o ok wow is that what you always wanted to be ?
11 yeah . i love to workout and i love people so its nice interacting with fans	i am too shy to be in the spotlight but i am glad you like it
12 do you like being an engineer ?	yea very much i know i'm able to provide good quality car
13 you must be very good at math	yea i've always liked it a lot . what is your favorite food ?
1 partner's persona: i am a stunt double as my second job.
2 partner's persona: i only eat kosher.
3 partner's persona: i never broke a bone in my body ever in my life.
4 partner's persona: i read twenty books a year.
5 hi . how is it going ? tell me about yourself	hello . well , i love horses .
6 wow . i've never been around a horse before .	what do you like to do ?
7 i am an avid reader ? what do you do for work ?	i am working on going into law .
8 smarty pants . i am a martial arts trainer , but i stunt double for extra money .	that sounds really interesting . how is that business ?
9 it can be dangerous , but i've never broken any bones . it is really exciting	that's great . i would figure that you'd have a lot of injuries .
10 i think it has to do with my diet and exercise regime . keeps my bones strong	i bet that does work .
11 what do you do for fun ?	i like to ride horses and be on a farm .
12 i recall the horses . i guess that's a stress reliever with law school	it sure is . i'd like to see more of the city though .
1 partner's persona: i can move objects with my mind.
2 partner's persona: i had to have a transplant.
3 partner's persona: i was born with my heart outside my body.
4 partner's persona: i am a boy.
5 partner's persona: since the surgery i have had strange powers.
6 hello , how are you today on this sunday ?	not bad excited to chat i lack friends
7 oh , i just had surgery recently , that was rough	that is not good are you doing ok ?
8 yes i am doing ok but do feel weird	i am sorry what color are your eyes mine are blue and i am a redhead
9 my eyes are blue and i also have red hair	that's so cool that we have it common
10 yea , i had to have surgery to fix my heart	that sounds pretty serious glad youre ok
11 yea , it was a transplant i had to wait awhile for it	well i am glad you got it
12 but now i can move things around , like i never did before	awesome glad youre doing better i'm not excited for school tomorrow
13 yea i think i can move things with my mind now . . . very strange	that's very strange indeed
1 partner's persona: i hate my job.
2 partner's persona: i work as a car salesman.
3 partner's persona: i am planning on getting a divorce.
4 partner's persona: my wife spends all my money.
5 hi how are you today ?	eh nothing much just a woman who is 56 years of age trying to have fun .
6 a woman having too much fun is leading to my divorce	women can hurt you easily especially the pretty ones , like i was back in the day .
7 her problem is she spends too much money	i used to spend money too when i was a painter , but now i just do housekeeping .
8 are you retired now ?	yeah , i am going insane , i keep fantasizing about controlling the world .
9 i wish i could retire i hate my job	you should , if you got the money .
10 i make decent cash as a salesman	yeah i bet you do , i used to make a lot selling my paintings
11 i sell used cars	i need a car actually , do you have one for sale ?
12 i have several used ones for sale	okay i'll drop by and check them out ! thanks !
1 partner's persona: hello i just moved here from germany.
2 partner's persona: i love rollercoasters and sky diving.
3 partner's persona: i'm not a good swimmer at all.
4 partner's persona: i'm a vegan and i love hummus.
5 partner's persona: i do like watching cooking shows.
6 good afternoon , where are you coming from today ?	hi there . i'm coming from my snack shop in new york . you ?
7 i have just arrived from germany	nice . get acquainted with our culture . you like taylor swift ? i love and met her !
8 i do like taylor swift ! i also like cooking shows and making hummus	nice . she has nice hair style and color . mine is short , brown and curly .
9 mine is long . while i'm here i plan to sky dive	cool ! do you own a car ? i'm trying to sell my nissan pathfinder . interested ?
10 i cannot drive , nor can i swim .	seriously ? i thought it was legally required to learn how to swim in germany
11 maybe it is ! i'm a renegade	oh , i see . what state are you in ?
12 i am in florida learning to cook	nice . visit key west sooner than later !
13 i will . what kind of snacks do you have at your shop ?	mostly american snacks . the same ones you can find at a 7 11
1 partner's persona: i am a retired gym teacher.
2 partner's persona: cheeseburgers are my favorite food.
3 partner's persona: i volunteer at a soup kitchen.
4 partner's persona: i was poor growing up.
5 i fired up the grill . cheeseburgers will be ready shortly !	nice ! my boyfriend and i'll be moving in together
6 that is great ! it will save money . i did not have money as a kid .	we just bought an apartment , i teach elementary school .
7 teaching is fun . i've been volunteering at a local soup kitchen .	nice ! i speak three language fluently english , spanish , and french
8 wow ! that is impressive . i used to teach gym . i miss my students .	what is your fave color i like the colors red and silver
9 i think my favorite color is black because it goes with everything !	well that's pretty cool .
10 where is the apartment you are getting ?	it is close to philadelphia , pa
11 pretty expensive area right ? are you in the city ?	well outskirts of the city
12 maybe i can come see you place someday ?	i think that will be great my boyfriend wouldn't mind
1 partner's persona: its red with blue stripe so it shiny when i race.
2 partner's persona: i've light skin with big brown eyes.
3 partner's persona: my main transportation is my motorbike.
4 partner's persona: i wear a motorbike helmet to protect my head.
5 hello ! how are you this fine day ?	good . enjoying the park today . how about you ?
6 just got back from a motorcycle ride . did you have a picnic ?	no , just walking for exercise and then going to see friday at the cinema .
7 i'm not an exerciser . i take my motorcycle everywhere even in rain .	be careful on slippery roads . i'm looking to move out west soon
8 yeah . i wear my helmet to protect my head . bumped it before . where to ?	near ca . i'm applying for jobs in the south at hospitals .
9 i would get burnt there with my fair skin and brown eyes . you a doctor ?	yes , what do you do ?
10 i am a vet . primarily on farms	interesting . school is very expensive . i have a lot of loans i am paying back
11 yeah . i use my shiny blue bike with a red stripe to save on gas .	i've an electric car .
12 is it reliable ? i would be afraid it would lose charge too fast .	more charging stations are being installed lately
1 partner's persona: my favorite color is red.
2 partner's persona: i enjoy listening to classical music.
3 partner's persona: i'm a christian.
4 partner's persona: my sister is a pole dancer.
5 hello . how are you today ?	not sure if you knew this , but i love chocolate !
6 awesome ! me too ! i also love classical music .	really ? i can never tell the difference
7 it is really enjoyable once you get into it .	i suppose . . . i prefer something with more bass lol
8 i understand . i also like the color red . what is your favorite color ?	purple . the same as my ping pong table . . . do you play ?
9 i've played before but not recently .	same here . . . lights are out in my basement . . . need to call my father
10 uh oh . . maybe you should light some candles ?	i'd but i don't want to summon ghosts
11 you should be ok , i am christian so i don't believe in ghosts .	what about aliens ? i heard they are already here !
12 i think intelligent life wouldn't willingly come here .	so sad but i think you are right
1 partner's persona: i am a construction worker.
2 partner's persona: in my free time i like to watch nascar racing and ufc.
3 partner's persona: i've been working since i was sixteen years old.
4 partner's persona: my favorite band is aerosmith.
5 partner's persona: my favorite food is mexican food.
6 howdy doody dandy there partner .	why hello . tell me something about yourself there partner .
7 i like to eat mexican food	i really enjoy shopping myself .
8 i like nascar and ufc	awesome i love a rolls royce ghost myself !
9 i like the band aerosmith	my parents wouldn't approve as it is they do not approve of my career .
10 at least you haven't been working since you were 16	nope , when i was 16 i was probably shopping for watches and shoes .
11 well i was not so privileged	i am so sorry to hear . that's a rough life .
12 it was . i'm gonna cry	awe , love . i wish i was there to hug you !
13 me to i am just gonna end it	no , no , please do not so that please !
1 partner's persona: i don't pick up my toys.
2 partner's persona: i'm four.
3 partner's persona: i have a pet turtle.
4 partner's persona: i like to play with my dolls.
5 partner's persona: my best friend lives next door.
6 hello , i'll be five years old at the end of this year . how are you ?	i am good . i am 46 . i am single with kids .
7 cool , i also have a pet . it is a turtle and his name is george .	i have no pets . i am a recording engineer . i have a studio .
8 that sounds interesting . i get in trouble a lot for not picking up my toys .	you should always pick up your toys .
9 if i picked up my toys , i could go play with my best friend next door more .	that's true . so there you go .
10 i really like playing with my dolls . i always take care of them .	do you live with your mom and dad ?
11 yes , i do live with them .	what do they do for work ?
12 my dad is a doctor and my mom is a teacher at school .	oh very cool . teaching is important .
13 do you live with your mom and dad ?	no , i live just with my kids .
1 partner's persona: my father played violin professionally.
2 partner's persona: i enjoy exploring new parts of the city.
3 partner's persona: i volunteer at the homeless shelter.
4 partner's persona: i'm a piano teacher on the side.
5 hello . how are you ? tell me about yourself .	hi , i make thirty dollars an hour walking dogs . you read alot ? i do .
6 no . i am a piano teacher , so i spend most of my time playing music	sorry . i was painting my kayak . you sing or dance . i do both .
7 what do you do in your free time ?	what is free time ? my mom and dad were street walkers .
8 i personally give back by volunteering at the homeless shelter .	great ! my family lived in a shelter before . we learned to survive there .
9 what is a street walker ? does it mean homeless ? survival is key	they were sex workers . i read psychology journals sometimes . do you ?
10 wow that's crazy , no wonder you are into psychology	yes i know ! i love kayaking to get away from everything . you kayak ?
11 no i love to travel .	wow that's great . i wish i could travel with my dog . you have dogs ?
1 partner's persona: my favorite toy as a child as my lite brite.
2 partner's persona: i was born in the early 80 s.
3 partner's persona: i also like old school hip hop.
4 partner's persona: i take dance lessons once a week.
5 hi how are you today ?	alright , just finished a game of baseball . what about you ?
6 nice ! i just got home from dance lessons .	what kind of dance do you like ?
7 jazz . i also like hip hop , because i enjoy listening to the old school songs .	i like hip hop too ! my favorite is travis scott
8 nice , i grew up with hip hop in the eighties .	did you enjoy the eighties in general or just the music ?
9 i love the eighties . my all time favorite toy is lite brite .	i love the lite brite ! my older sister used to have one but i swallowed a piece
10 that sounds scary ! did you have to have it removed ?	i just waited it out , mom is just a dentist but she said it would be fine
11 well kids will be kids right ? lol	very true , everyone has an embarrassing story from childhood
1 partner's persona: i volunteer at a soup kitchen.
2 partner's persona: i'm a retired gym teacher.
3 partner's persona: i was poor growing up.
4 partner's persona: i like watching war documentaries.
5 hello ! how has your day been ?	my day was good , sort of chilly .
6 i worked this morning in a soup kitchen as a volunteer	cool . i would love to do that . not many soup kitchens here in canada .
7 in my free time i watch war documentaries	that's great , my grandfather served in world war ii
8 my family didn't make a lot of money growing up	mine either . i had to drop out of high school to help support the family .
9 i retired a year ago as a gym teacher	great . do you cook a lot , with all your free time ?
10 i like to go fishing with friends	i'd love to go fishing but i know little about the sport .
11 it is a very exciting time	i hope to try fishing one day .
12 you should come fishing with me	i'd love to do that .
1 partner's persona: i am a retired gym teacher.
2 partner's persona: i was poor growing up.
3 partner's persona: i volunteer at a soup kitchen.
4 partner's persona: i like watching war documentaries.
5 partner's persona: cheeseburgers are my favorite food.
6 good afternoon , how are you today ?	i'm 56 years old and amazing . i'm female and living it up .
7 i am a 61 year old gym teacher	do you like the world . i am trying to take it over .
8 it is a hard world , in my childhood we were poor , now i volunteer	i paint in my free time because my family won't visit .
9 that's sad . in my free time i enjoy war documentaries .	i think the mona lisa is cool art
10 yes it is nice . what is your favorite food ? mine is cheeseburgers .	i clean houses all day . people can be dirty .
11 so true , being a gym teacher i can attest to how people can and be dirty .	i like raw steak and eggs . bring on the bacon .
12 cheeseburgers are where it is at for me . i love bacon on my burgers though .	when i take over the world i will grant bacon to everyone
13 awesome . everyone at my soap kitchen would love to have bacon , not often on the menu .	well before i turn 57 i'll make it happen
1 partner's persona: my favorite singer is taylor swift.
2 partner's persona: i'm 24 years old.
3 partner's persona: i love eating out with friends.
4 partner's persona: i am getting married in the spring.
5 hi , tracy here , 24 and looks like taylor swift . you ?	i love eating cheeseburgers and watching war documentaries
6 me too ! i am getting in spring . you married ?	no ! i am actually a retired gym teacher but not married
7 oh okay . you know verna jean ? she was a gym teacher too . you sing ?	mainly in the shower lol ! i like to volunteer at soup kitchens ! you ?
8 no i do not volunteer anywhere . my friends and i eat out .	my family was poor but now that i am older i can eat out as well !
9 my friend verna jean like to eat out too but now she dead .	oh that is really sad ! i'm sorry
10 i am sorry your family had to eat at soup kitchens . sounds rough .	that is okay ! that is why i volunteer now !
11 good ! i am marrying a man with a big heart in the spring .	that's great ! i bet it will be a beautiful wedding
1 partner's persona: i work as a car salesman.
2 partner's persona: my wife spends all my money.
3 partner's persona: i am 40 years old.
4 partner's persona: i am planning on getting a divorce.
5 hi how are you i'm a car salesman are you looking to buy a car soon	hi ! no , maybe a new tractor for the farm .
6 i want a farm but i an broke due to my money spending wife	lol . the horses are my favorite
7 mine to maybe after my divorce i can buy two horses	ditch one thing and get two others . haha
8 lol right i am 40 can not keep holding on do you have kids	i do not . i just help on the family farm . you ?
9 yes all grown so i will have help once i get my farm	perfect . what kind of music do you like ?
10 i like country and pop how about you	rock mostly . not much of a country fan .
11 so the group kiss is one of your favorites	they do know how to rock !
12 yes indeed i can agree lol	sold any cool cars lately ?
1 partner's persona: i think i will retire in a few years.
2 partner's persona: i have visited spain a times.
3 partner's persona: i am a librarian.
4 partner's persona: i'm 60years old.
5 hi how you doing tonight i am good let us chat .	i am excellent , how old are you ?
6 i'm old school i just turned 60 years old .	oh ! i just turned 23 , i'm visiting china for my birthday !
7 you have long life happy birthday .	thank you ! do you travel ? i have been traveling since i was little . i love it .
8 sometimes i have been to spain a few times .	that's awesome ! how is their food ? i love trying new food .
9 the food was great i want to be a librarian .	you should reach for that goal ! i love food ! i like cooking but i can't lol .
10 me too i love to cook i make tasty foods .	yum ! ! what do you do for work ?
11 out of work right now what do you do ?	same here . i rent out my yacht on the weekends to help pay bills .
12 cool that's good because times are so hard .	they really are . well its been a pleasure chatting with you , have a good night .
1 partner's persona: my mother is very traditional while i prefer to be more free spirited.
2 partner's persona: my favorite music genre is death metal.
3 partner's persona: i'm studying to be a computer programmer.
4 partner's persona: my family and i are from india.
5 partner's persona: i'm a swim coach at my local pool.
6 my family likes to live in the past . especially my mother .	that is interesting . i'm rather boring i have worked in it for 15 years
7 great . i'm going to school for computer programming . do you like it ?	it is a good subject to study . you have to update your skills throughout your career though .
8 were you born here ? we are from india . i love it here .	yes , i'm an all american male , who enjoys sports . do you miss india ?
9 some things . people are very poor there . but some things are beautiful .	perhaps i will be able to visit one day , once my child is grown .
10 i learned to swim in the ocean . i coach here at the pool .	that's great ! i take my dogs to the beach every morning .
11 with your child ? how old is he or she ? in school ?	he is 4 , he will go to school next year . he also loves the ocean .
12 india is not interesting for children . only for adults .	why is that ? kids can find interesting things no matter where they are .
13 poverty is everywhere . some people have no money for clothes .	that's sad , i wish i could adopt children who need a good home .
14 for some reason the children from there are very intelligent .	i am sure they are . kids who have difficult lives , learn very quickly .
1 partner's persona: i have three dogs.
2 partner's persona: i like to watch the olympics.
3 partner's persona: my father was a door to door salesman.
4 partner's persona: i also have a dog walking business.
5 hello , what are you up to this afternoon ?	nothing much . i'm just thinking about my ex boyfriend .
6 well that doesn't sound like fun . i just got done walking 4 dogs for work	cool . sounds like a fun job . do you like it ?
7 yes i love dogs , 3 of my own . . what do you do ?	i do not have a job . i am a college student .
8 what are you studying ?	just doing first year college . trying to figure it out .
9 what kinds of things are you interested in ?	i like going on long hikes and the beach .
10 i also enjoy hiking . . olympics are my favorite to watch	olympic hiking ? is that a sport ? if so , sign me up .
11 i wish lol , i'd love that as well . i enjoy watching all sports	what is your favorite sport ?
12 to watch , swimming ! to play , i would say football	do you swim in the ocean ?
1 partner's persona: spiderman is my favorite.
2 partner's persona: hey my name is larry and i'm a chef.
3 partner's persona: i love cooking but i also enjoy fishing.
4 partner's persona: l also love comic books.
5 hi lets get to know each other	hello , how are you this evening ? are you on twitter ?
6 i don't have many followers	i love twitter and snap chat and instagram and facebook and reddit .
7 you must have a lot of friends .	i have a large family and many friends . real life ones .
8 i have friends too . but only a few close ones . we all like comics	i do not like comics or sci fi . they always portray women as weak .
9 i disagree . mary jane is a badass chick	we will have to agree to disagree . i'm all about feminism .
10 well i can respect that i guess . i'm a male chef gender stereotypes bother me	do you only use organics ? most chefs are male .
11 i aim for fresh if not organic ingredients	i do too . does your restaurant have solar panels ?
12 not i can suggest that	you should . every little bit helps mother earth .
1 partner's persona: i love rollercoasters and sky diving.
2 partner's persona: i am not a good swimmer at all.
3 partner's persona: hello i just moved here from germany.
4 partner's persona: i do like watching cooking shows.
5 partner's persona: i am a vegan and i love hummus.
6 i love cooking shows , want to learn how to make hummus ! !	oh that's cool . i hung out with taylor swift
7 no way ! so jelly . i will just sit here eating my hummus	i sell a lot of hummus at a convenience store
8 us vegans could live off hummus	yeah . i don't like it .
9 then you haven't had good hummus . cooking show teaches best recipe	i hate cooking . my girlfriend does it for me
10 that works . i did all the cooking in germany but not here	why do you not cook here ?
11 i cannot figure out the american conversions . germany was different .	google can tell you anything , best thing to use
12 who is google ? where do i find this all knowing person to help ?	its a special little man .
1 partner's persona: i'm a country music singer.
2 partner's persona: i started playing guitar when i was three.
3 partner's persona: i grew up in the industry.
4 partner's persona: we spent summers ring at national parks.
5 hello ! how has your day been ?	great just left work , how are you ?
6 i sing country music for fun	cool . . . . not much of a singer
7 i was raised in the industry region	nice , i'm from colorado
8 i love the colorado rockies baseball	they are a good team , do you have any hobbies ?
9 i love to go fishing with friends	i go hiking with my dog trooper
10 that is a cute name	i got him when i was a young boy and trooper was all i could think of
11 trooper is my sons name	awesome . how old is he ?
12 she's 75 years old	lol that is unique and interesting
1 partner's persona: i'm 24 years old.
2 partner's persona: i love eating out with friends.
3 partner's persona: i am getting married in the spring.
4 partner's persona: i work at a school as a kindergarten teacher.
5 partner's persona: my favorite singer is taylor swift.
6 hi how are you this evening ?	i'm well . where are you living ?
7 in boring ohio and you ?	well , i'm in the united states too , but i came from somalia .
8 that is so cool ! what do you do for a living ?	i'm trying to get a job in the new york ballet , but i teach dance .
9 awesome ! i teach kindergarten ! i love it	well my story may inspire your students in that case .
10 yes i believe it will ! this spring is my wedding	you must be very excited ! tell me about it .
11 i am ! i am only 24 and i couldn't be happier	you must feel very excited to start a new chapter of your life .
12 i'm . what do you do for fun ? i go out with friends for dinner	really , dance is my only thing . i also spend time with my aunt .
13 that sounds nice . do you have any kids ?	no not yet , do you ?
1 partner's persona: i had cancer but its gone now.
2 partner's persona: i have amazing children and grandchildren.
3 partner's persona: i don't have a smartphone.
4 partner's persona: i am retired and living the great life.
5 hello , how are you today ?	i am doing good , how are you ?
6 i'm doing well , now that i'm cancer free !	awesome , what do you do ?
7 i am retired and enjoying my awesome grandchildren . you ?	on the weekend i dance , i also work in a bookstore and studied chemistry .
8 that sounds busy . my life is more laid back now that i do not work .	lucky you , i wish i was retired already lol
9 you will be in due time ! enjoy each season as it comes .	i will try , which color do you hate the most ?
10 i like all colors really ? do you hate one ? do you use a lot of technology ?	the color i hate the most is orange and i use some technology .
11 i do not even own a smartphone . maybe i should try it out .	a smartphone is good but being on it 24 7 is terrible for your eyesight .
1 partner's persona: i love chocolate bars.
2 partner's persona: i speak chinese.
3 partner's persona: i play the violin and the guitar.
4 partner's persona: i play ping pong.
5 hi , how are you today ?	good evening . how are you tonight ? i'm well .
6 i'm doing good , i just finished playing ping pong .	i'm trying to write invoices for my dog walking business .
7 that seems like hare work , i like to play the violin in my free time .	i love the violin . i don't play anything . i kayak for fun however .
8 i like to travel as well in my free time , i just came back from china .	oh wow ! i'd love to visit a foreign country . was it fun ?
9 yes it was , i'm fluent in chinese so it makes it so much easier .	i imagine it would . i speak a little spanish , not much . i like reading though .
10 i bought back one of my favorite chocolate bars from china , i speak spanish as well .	i'm a grad student and i eat my share of chocolate during late night studying .
11 i remember those days , and getting top ramen most of the time .	isn't tha the truth ? it leaves little time for much else .
1 partner's persona: my family does not support my career choices.
2 partner's persona: i currently work for a watch dealer.
3 partner's persona: i like shopping.
4 partner's persona: i often shop for shoes and watches.
5 hi . i am amanda . what is your name ?	hi amanda , i want to take over the world .
6 o wow ! ! well my want in life is to shop shop shop .	i hate shopping . or spending money
7 my favorite thing to shop for is watches . shoes too i guess .	i've two pairs of jeans and one pair of shoes .
8 o ok . a minimalist . job ? i am employed fixing watches of all things .	i don't work . all my children are grown and don't visit
9 sad ! well , my parents think my job stinks .	that's how parents are . they care about you
10 i guess so . hopefully your grown children will come around .	yeah maybe someday . i hope they will
11 grandchildren ? they would love to visit .	i do not have any grandkids
12 i see . what do you do for fun ?	nothing really . i just read books about the world
1 partner's persona: i enjoy going to the park.
2 partner's persona: i'm a doctor.
3 partner's persona: my daughter is a child prodigy.
4 partner's persona: my favorite movie is friday.
5 partner's persona: i am now looking for a new job.
6 hi , how are you today ?	good , my son just left for junior high school
7 oh , nice , i've a daughter who is quite the prodigy .	he's not good , but i help him a lot
8 that's good . do you work ?	no i am a stay at home dad , and you ?
9 i'm currently looking for work , but am a licensed doctor .	i was in human services 10 years before i quit to pursue my passion
10 what is this passion of yours ?	horror movies , i like to be scared , and do you have any interest ?
11 cool ! i enjoy movies also , my favorite is friday .	what do you like about friday ?
12 it is just real . i also enjoy walking in the park .	there's a big park near the school , you should come .
13 that would be nice . where are you from ?	i like near the coast and you ?
1 partner's persona: i love to cook paella.
2 partner's persona: i have a weakness for fish and chips.
3 partner's persona: i am an art major in college.
4 partner's persona: i'm a descendant of christopher columbus.
5 hi ! how are you today ?	i am doing good , how about you
6 great . i just finished cooking paella this evening !	that sounds great ! i do not cook much
7 i cook when i get the time , i mostly paint for my art degree .	nice . i just work for the us postal service
8 i love mail . did i mention that i'm from the direct line of christopher columbus ?	no you did not , wow !
9 yes , so italian food is big in our family !	my father drove for nascar
10 wow , that is exciting ! i never went to a nascar race .	its a lot of fun you should come sometime
11 i should , i went to an indy car race once . very loud !	yeah it is . are you a dog person ? i've a german shepherd
12 i have a collie . just made my menu for tomorrow , fish and chips !	mhm yummy . my dogs name is barnaby
1 partner's persona: i graduated from yale in 2011 with a degree in finance.
2 partner's persona: i drive a bmw.
3 partner's persona: i plan to go to business school next year.
4 partner's persona: my parents are very wealthy bankers.
5 partner's persona: i grew up in manhattan.
6 good evening . how are you today ?	hi . how was your day ?
7 not bad . i went driving in my new bmw .	guess how old i am ? ? i am 100 !
8 wow . i am young . i just finished finance undergrad at yale in 2011 .	surprisingly , i am strong for 100
9 my parents are old . but they're rich bankers !	honestly , i may live forever
10 i hope not ! where did you grow up ? manhattan here .	i grew up in new york
11 cool . i hope to attend business school in new york next year !	what school do you want to go to
12 columbia . up north of wall street . know it ?	i do indeed know it
1 partner's persona: my favorite kind of movie is a documentary.
2 partner's persona: i started a new job as a pa three months ago.
3 partner's persona: i live with my husband in pennsylvania.
4 partner's persona: i'm pregnant with my first child.
5 i there i'm from pennsylvania . how about you ?	i'm in ohio . we are almost neighbors .
6 i know . do you have any kids ? i'm expecting my first child soon .	congratulations ! i don't have any kids . the musician lifestyle is too hard for that .
7 oh that sounds exciting . i just became a pa 3 months ago . my job is boring .	i am sorry to hear that . is there something you'd rather be doing ?
8 making documentaries because i love them .	wow . that sounds pretty interesting . what subjects would you focus on ?
9 my husband and his job	wow . he must be a pretty interesting guy if you are going to do a documentary .
10 he is the best that is why i let him impregnate me	so what else do you like to do besides make documentaries ?
11 make love to my husband	personally , i like to study languages .
1 partner's persona: i'm a professional tennis player.
2 partner's persona: i'm married to a doctor.
3 partner's persona: i enjoy long walks with my dog.
4 partner's persona: my family is continuously growing.
5 partner's persona: i live in a three storey house.
6 good evening . how are you ?	i'm doing good . its a chilly night . how are you ?
7 good . warm here . my husband is a doctor and i play tennis professionally . you ?	i am a waitress at the local perkins .
8 right on . i have 2 kids but we want more .	we have 5 kids . it is a such a handful !
9 wow ! that has to be hard .	how many kids would you want ?
10 at lease 1 more . our house is 3 story so .	our house has 3 garages for my motorcycle .
11 oh sweet . what kins of motorcycle ?	a harley davidson . what kind of car do you have ?
12 we just bought a 2017 ford focus .	those are good cars ! we also have a 1970 chevy impala .
13 cool cool . i had a 69 chevelle once .	i'd have liked to race the cars .
1 partner's persona: i've never been out of ohio.
2 partner's persona: my favorite food is pizza with black olives.
3 partner's persona: i have a cat named spook.
4 partner's persona: my favorite band is the who.
5 partner's persona: i work for our local supermarket.
6 hi . how are you doing ?	hello , i'm wonderful , how are you ? i'm a canadian .
7 i'm good . i'm american . i've never been outside of ohio .	i'm on the other side of lake erie .
8 i work at the supermarket here in town . . what do you do ?	i'm currently enlisted in the canadian army .
9 that is awesome . any pets ? my cat is named spook .	i've a dog , her name is shelby .
10 i like pizza with black olives . what is your favorite pizza ?	hawaiian , but i don't eat it very often .
11 hawaiian is a great choice too !	have you ever been to hawaii ?
12 no but i would love to . i would love to see the who . . my favorite band	i have never heard of them .
13 they were popular in my younger days lol	90s metal was popular in mine .
1 partner's persona: i've light skin with big brown eyes.
2 partner's persona: my main transportation is my motorbike.
3 partner's persona: i waitress during the day to supplement my income.
4 partner's persona: i wear a motorbike helmet to protect my head.
5 hey my name is emily , could i get yours ?	hello emily , my name is kim . what have you been up to today ?
6 just been waiting tables all day , now i'm just trying to unwind	waiting tables is hard work . unwinding sounds better
7 yeah definitely . by the way is my hair okay ? this motorbike helmet always messes with it	looks good to me , i hate hat hair , sweating , ugh
8 yeah , honestly the worst . do you have any personal peeves ?	yeah , snow , i move south in the winter since i retired
9 you retired ? you still look young to me ! what did you do ?	spent alot of time on airplanes , now i grill , gamble and have fun
10 wow sounds fun ! would you be interested in riding motorbikes ? gives you a bit of excitement	i'd say it does , ride much or race ?
11 it is my main source of transport . the weather is always perfect down here .	where is down here ? i mow the lawn when weather is great
12 cairo . i usually stick out though with my really light skin and big brown eyes .	florida here , everybody is old , retired and does casinos here so i do not stick out .
1 partner's persona: my friends are all skateboarders.
2 partner's persona: i am always wearing a hat.
3 partner's persona: i have a broken arm.
4 partner's persona: i am a skateboarder.
5 hey how are you doing today ?	i'm doing great ! how about you ?
6 doing good went to watch my friends at the skate park today	well , that sounds like fun ! do you skate too ?
7 i do and got a call friend just broke his arm seeing a doctor so cant sleep	ouch ! i am sorry to hear that . you need to sleep though .
8 it ironic cause my arm still healing as well and thanks	being a former member of the military , pain is never far from home .
9 thanks for the service i think about going to mall tomorrow	i'm going to the bunny sanctuary where i volunteer .
10 i want to come one day to help you see how it like	it is adorable ! thousands of bunnies hopping around freely .
11 well i will buy a hat when i help you out there anyway nice talking with you	well thank you . same to you .
12 thinking about heading out working on my kick flips	i've work tomorrow . i work at a ship yard , and morning comes early .
1 partner's persona: i read twenty books a year.
2 partner's persona: i am a stunt double as my second job.
3 partner's persona: i never broke a bone in my body ever in my life.
4 partner's persona: i was raised in a single parent household.
5 partner's persona: i only eat kosher.
6 how are you doing today	i am great ! just got back from a run !
7 do you run every day	pretty much ! i also swim and ride my bike and play soccer .
8 i do a lot of active things but not sports	what kinds of active things ?
9 stunts in the movies and such	wow that is really cool ! any famous movies you have been in ?
10 a couple but i can not disclose	ah , i see . are you married ?
11 yes and we have two kids	me too , but we don't have any kids . just a dog !
12 what is the name of your dog	his name is banjo and he's a mini aussie shepherd .
13 how long have you had him	he is five years old but people think he is a puppy since he is a mini !
1 partner's persona: i live in canada.
2 partner's persona: i'm in the army.
3 partner's persona: my grandfather served in world war a.
4 partner's persona: my favourite food is shawarma.
5 hello where are you from ?	i'm from alabama . i work construction , i learned from my dad . you ?
6 i am from canada and i work for the army	what do you do in the army ?
7 i'm in artillery . following after my grandfather who was in wwii	following in the family footsteps , very cool . do you have any pets ?
8 no pets . how about you ?	yes , i have 5 cats . i rescued them and they are very special to me .
9 how nice of you . any other interesting facts about you ?	i like to cook . how about you ? any interesting facts ?
10 i like shawarma . it is my favorite . do you cook indian food ?	i've not , i should take it up though . it is nice to try new things .
11 it is hard to find good food in canada so i want to learn to cook	do you watch the food network or follow cooks on facebook ?
12 no i do not . is that a good way to learn ?	yes , i believe it is , as long as you can follow directions .
1 partner's persona: i work in the insurance business.
2 partner's persona: my father is in the army.
3 partner's persona: my mom passed away when i was young.
4 partner's persona: i recently was fired and had to get a new job.
5 dad is military , mom is dead and i am tracy . hi !	h hey buddy , spare some change ? oh i got the shakes lad .
6 sorry no change . i am former pole dancer . now i work for social security .	burp oh is that so ? do you preform on sidewalks by chance ?
7 no sidewalks . mom said soup is good for the shakes before she died .	i left me farm life behind , live in the city now .
8 great ! dads platoon volunteered to go help in puerto rico . you dance ?	d does shaking count as dancing ? oh man . . i need a drink .
9 no shaking isn't dancing . i got fired trying to teach a pig to dance .	teaching dancing to inanimate objects was my profession . i live in a box .
10 home is where the box is . boiled pig skin is good for alcohol shakes .	p pig skins are monitored by the illuminati . they want to take away our booze .
11 you sure ? you have box insurance ? you should because its your home .	is vomit stains insurance ? it seems to keep everyone away .
12 my dad made my mom football soup before died of the shakes .	i'm 45 ! my mom is dead . darn you illuminati !
1 partner's persona: my favorite music is country.
2 partner's persona: i like to go to country concerts on weekends.
3 partner's persona: i have two dogs.
4 partner's persona: i like to work on vintage cars.
5 i love country music , country concerts on the weekend	i love taylor swift , she's my favorite
6 my two dogs love her	do you like eating out ? i do
7 yeah , i do after i work on my vintage cars	sounds fun ! i just turned 24 .
8 very cool . i teach music and i'm in a band	i'm a kindergarten teacher . keeps me busy
9 cool . in real life i am a music teacher though	i think music is the key to life .
10 i agree its the soundtrack of me eating pizza	i'd rather eat out with friends .
11 nice you must like spending money	i do not mind it , as long as i know it is there and the bills are paid
12 sounds like a very nice life	it can be . can also be a boring one .
1 partner's persona: i can move objects with my mind.
2 partner's persona: i had to have a transplant.
3 partner's persona: i was born with my heart outside my body.
4 partner's persona: since the surgery i have had strange powers.
5 hi , how are you doing today ?	i am doing great polishing my red and blue striped race motorbike .
6 that is cool . how long have you been racing ?	i have been racing for over 10 years , how are you today ?
7 i am fine , stuck in bed just had a heart transplant over a week ago .	wow , i am sorry to hear .
8 when i was born my heart was outside of my body	sorry to hear dude i am glad you are still alive .
9 yeah i am alot better now , thankfully	hey , well when you recover from surgery maybe you can ride a motorbike .
10 that would be awesome , i'd really enjoy that .	ep , just make sure to wear a helmet and safety eyewear , that's what i do .
11 i'll definitely keep that into consideration .	yes because if not , your eyes will start tearing up and your mouth will drool .
1 partner's persona: i'm a woman.
2 partner's persona: i attend church every week.
3 partner's persona: i work as a school teacher.
4 partner's persona: i enjoy gardening and walking outdoors.
5 hey ! what a beautiful day it is !	it sure is , the sunrise was a lovely orange this morning .
6 i just got back from my morning walk and the sunrise as excellent here too .	i walked to the pet store and came back with a fish .
7 i spend a lot of time gardening though , cannot bring a fish into the garden . heh	many people have outdoor aquariums , my ex boyfriends parents did .
8 i'd love to see one of those .	my birthday cake yesterday had a tiny aquarium piped on it .
9 happy belated birthday ! a student of mine had his birthday today .	thank you so much , how old is he ? i'm finally 18 .
10 the boy was 12 , i'm a school teacher . the whole class sung him happy birthday	aww . how sweet . my parents forgot my birthday , as usual .
11 i'm sorry to hear that . my parents used to forget mine , it happens .	mine are self absorbed , unless it is about them they do not care .
1 partner's persona: i'm a blonde girl with really short hair.
2 partner's persona: i am rather skinny as i like to stay in shape.
3 partner's persona: i love wearing skinny jeans and leggings.
4 partner's persona: my favorite shirts are band shirts and ruffle sleeves.
5 how are you this evening ?	good . just relaxing after a long day of gardening . you ?
6 i've been working out . i like staying in shape .	i do too . i do a lot of outdoor walking .
7 i like wearing skinny jeans so it is important to me to stay fit .	understandable . i have a dog . do you have any pets ?
8 i've a cat . she likes to curl up on my band shirts .	nice . i'm a school teacher . what do you do ?
9 i am a hair stylist . i like to keep my hair really short and blond .	very cool . a lot of people at my church wear it that way . i go every week .
10 do you like being a school teacher ?	i love it . i've been doing it for years now .
11 awesome . i think teaching is the most important job	thank you . it is appreciated .
12 welcome . i'd have liked to teach , maybe aerobics or something .	it is not to lae to do so .
1 partner's persona: i drive a mini van.
2 partner's persona: coffee is my preferred beverage.
3 partner's persona: i also like a glass of wine in the evenings.
4 partner's persona: i coach little league baseball.
5 hey there coach danny here ! how are you ?	the same . me and the cats are watching the birds .
6 cool ! ! coffee and bird watching sounds fun	no coffee here . doctor says no . trials of being old i guess
7 wine ! ? wine in the evening is a must ! especially after little league	oh young people . the holidays are coming . that makes me sad .
8 why sad ! i know thank god for my mini van ! i pack it with gifts	my kids do not come . just me and the cats again ? do you like cats ?
9 sorry about that ! maybe i can bring my little league kids over .	oh , that would be wonderful . so long as they're nice to the animals .
10 they're good kids , please provide coffee !	i'll have to send for some from the store .
11 sounds like a plan , anything you love to eat ?	i'm on a special diet from the doctor . better eat what she says
12 sorry to hear , are you sick ?	not any sicker than usual , just old i guess
1 partner's persona: my father drove a car for nascar.
2 partner's persona: my favorite color is grey.
3 partner's persona: i've a german shepherd named barnaby.
4 partner's persona: i'm terrified of scorpions.
5 partner's persona: i'm employed by the us postal service.
6 hi , want to be friends	hello lets get to know each other
7 great . do you enjoy nascar	not really i'm more of a foot ball guy
8 my dad drove nascar . it is in my blood	that's boring as heck dude
9 is it more exciting that i grew up to work for the post office ?	yes very . i grew up in alabama
10 i think i'm boring . grey is even my best color	you do seem pretty boring
11 i can't help it i'm kind of a scaredy cat	that does not make any sense
12 why , my fears make me boring . do you have fears ?	are you just typing to type ?
13 i thought we were having fun . would you rather talk football ?	oh wow you said something that had context
1 partner's persona: i have a dogs.
2 partner's persona: i'm a woman.
3 partner's persona: i attend church every week.
4 partner's persona: i enjoy gardening and walking outdoors.
5 hi , how are you ? i'm great !	hi , i work at a pawn shop as the watch dealer cashier . you work ?
6 hi , i spend my time with my dogs and gardening .	great ! i love shoes and want a rolls royce one day . you drive ?
7 i am retired . i love red stilettos . i was a flamingo dancer in my youth .	wow ! my parents won't let me work as a stripper . i want a rolls .
8 now , i go to church every week and go for long hikes . i have changed !	oh okay . is your church for ex strippers ? you sing in the choir ?
9 not a stripper , i danced in spain for the queen .	get out ! i danced for a queen too . she paid for the dance though .
10 flamingo dancing isn't stripping , think of tango .	oh ! not much money in fanning feathers is it ? why did you change ?
11 i decided to take up painting . it paid more , and was so much more liberating .	i see . i strip because my parents wouldn't buy me a rolls royce car .
1 partner's persona: i'm a woman.
2 partner's persona: i attend church every week.
3 partner's persona: i have a dogs.
4 partner's persona: i work as a school teacher.
5 partner's persona: i enjoy gardening and walking outdoors.
6 care to chat with a hs teacher , who goes to church every week ?	sure , what is your favorite color ?
7 pink is my favorite color , but that may be because i am a female .	i love red , reminds me of summer time .
8 summer is great . walking outside and gardening is what i enjoy .	i prefer colder weather like winter
9 not me . neither does my dog that i've .	that is funny , i do not get along with my wife
10 i might be able to relate to your wife , since we are both women .	i think she hates my blue eyes
11 i think blue eyes are cool . i've blue eyes too .	i do not like school
12 what are you studying in school ?	columbus day or some nonsense
13 oh you just mean particular subjects not school on the whole ?	i mean i have long beautiful hair so does it matter what i learn ?
1 partner's persona: i'm married to a doctor.
2 partner's persona: i enjoy long walks with my dog.
3 partner's persona: my family is continuously growing.
4 partner's persona: i live in a three storey house.
5 partner's persona: i'm a professional tennis player.
6 hello , how are you this evening ?	i am good . hope you are having a great evening
7 i am ! i was just out walking my dogs .	i am watching my girlfriends dog . a chihuahua . she's a nervous kond of animal
8 so what do you do for a living ?	i work in the west virginia coal industry . what about yourself ?
9 i teach tennis as i have played professionally for many years .	i enjoyed the sport when i was younger . good to communicate with you .
10 you too ! my spouse is a doctor . are you married ?	no . i have been single all my life but recently got together with a great person
11 wonderful ! we have a large family and live in a large house .	are you all happy together and looking forward to the holidays ?
12 absolutely ! i wish you the best with the great person in your life .	thank you ! ! we are a mixed race couple and the best of friends .
1 partner's persona: i'm a construction worker.
2 partner's persona: my dad taught me everything i know.
3 partner's persona: my cats are very special to me.
4 partner's persona: i have 5cats.
5 happy monday ! what are you up to today ?	just working . keep these people quite in the library .
6 oh you are a librarian ? i work in construction .	yes i am . but really hoping to retire soon .
7 i still have a long way to go . do you have any pets ?	no , its hard to keep up now that i am in my 60s .
8 what about having a cat ?	problem is i do a lot of traveling like to spain .
9 interesting ! it is not hard to travel in your 60s ?	yes , but i love traveling , before i am really too old .
10 well you wouldn't guess by looking at my , but i'm a big cat lover !	that's awesome . i hear it is very relaxing .
11 sometimes . when you have five though , it can be hard work .	oh wow yes i can only imagine . crazy cat women comes to mind .
12 crazy cat man ! my dad loved cats . he is my idol .	oh year . you are just too funny !
1 partner's persona: i enjoy poetry.
2 partner's persona: i played football for a division a college.
3 partner's persona: i'm a huge star wars fan.
4 partner's persona: i try various coffees as a hobby.
5 hi how are you today ?	i am doing good . dreading the holidays .
6 i love the holidays ! any hobbies ? i like trying different coffees .	the holidays make me fussy . i do like watching birds with my pet cats .
7 that sounds fun ! i also like reading poetry .	i spend a lot of time advocating for animal rights . good hobby for a geezer .
8 lol ! i like that hobby ! do you like star wars ? i am a huge fan !	i love star wars ! i dyed my hair like a rainbow for the last movie .
9 cool ! i dyed my hair like that when i played college football	no kidding ! when i was in college , helmets were still leather .
10 wow ! that's crazy ! when did you attend college ?	you wouldn't believe me if i told you . i'm older than your grandparents .
11 well congrats to you for living a fulfilling life	makes my rainbow hair all the more weird , but thanks !
12 no it makes you hair more fun !	that's very nice of you to say . where do you live ?
1 partner's persona: i'm on the soccer team.
2 partner's persona: i ride the bus to school.
3 partner's persona: i hate math class.
4 partner's persona: my brother is older than me.
5 partner's persona: i'm 13 years old.
6 hello , what are doing ? me , homework .	hello , my sons and i are having a father son bonding night .
7 how old are your sons ? i'm 13 . are they my age ?	one of my sons is 13 and the other is 15 . do you have pets ?
8 i do have pets ! i have two dogs and four rabbits . do you ?	i have 2 dogs . do you like sports ?
9 yes i do like sports , i play soccer .	we love to watch soccer , its too hot to play here . we live in florida .
10 you know they play it it mexico . i bet it is hotter there	i bet , working in it for the last 15 years i'm out of shape .
11 you have kids my age . they can get you in shape	you are right . i should start playing soccer with them .
12 you could just play whatever you like . swim maybe .	yeah good idea . you are smart i bet you are doing good in school .
13 i'm but not so much at math . i'm no good at it .	practice makes perfect , keep working at it and you will be good soon .
1 partner's persona: i like to tan in tanning beds.
2 partner's persona: i love spending money.
3 partner's persona: i diet a lot.
4 partner's persona: i am high maintenance.
5 hello , kim here . heard of any good diets lately ?	hi ! no i have not . i eat a lot of chocolate though
6 chocolate ! my downfall ! i must have ! then i must starve for days	how old are you ? i am 5 . some do not understand me , but i like to talk
7 lady never tells her age , besides , i nip , tuck and tan so you cannot tell my age .	oh i see . well when i grow up , i want to be a dog
8 indeed ? i am grown up and i've a poodle named percy , after my personal trainer	what does your dog do ? i like to play with blocks and sing the alphabet .
9 my dog loves me , as everyone does . i like to shop shop shop	that sounds like fun . my mom shops for me all the time !
10 i do too , shoes are my favorite , i have 237 pairs of shoes , so says my maid	oh wow . that is alot of shoes !
11 i must have shoes , and chocolate and a good even tan to be happy	that's crazy . i love chocolate so much !
1 partner's persona: my father keeps trying to set me up on blind dates.
2 partner's persona: i just got a job working in a gas station.
3 partner's persona: i am terrified of clowns due to childhood trauma.
4 partner's persona: i was adopted at a young age to an older couple.
5 hi , who am i chatting with ?	hi i am from alabama what about yo
6 i'm from pennsylvania and terrified of clowns .	yeah they're scary have you seen the new it movie
7 no but i hear it is really spooky .	what kind of foods do you like
8 i like all kinds of foods ; american traditional and ethnic .	i love tacos they are my favorite thing to make
9 after working in a gas station , i even like its food .	yeah it can be good sometimes are there any good taco spots near you
10 yes , there are several taco spots near me .	that is good what tacos are your favorite
11 i like ones made with soft tortillas and beef .	yeah those are so amazing
12 my father is trying to set me up with maria , restaurant owner .	that's funny do you have any siblings
1 partner's persona: i won a gold medal in the 1992 olympics.
2 partner's persona: i love cats and have two cats.
3 partner's persona: i have a weakness for vanilla ice cream.
4 partner's persona: i have a hat collection of over 1000 hats.
5 partner's persona: my favorite season is winter.
6 hi how are you this afternoon ?	i am good , i enjoy riding horse ! how about you ?
7 no i just love watching my cats play with their yarn	lol , i rotate the crops in my farm fields
8 well winter is coming ! hehe my favorite season	why is winter your favorite ?
9 i love to layer clothes . i think its sheek . plus i skiied in the olympics once	that's pretty cool ! i just farm and my father does too !
10 do you wear a farmer hat ? i have hundreds !	no , i just like to listen to music , especially rock !
11 who is your favorite artist ?	my favorite is acdc ! what about you ?
12 i'm not really into rock . i like ; indie r b	oh true , i like those too but not as much
1 partner's persona: my favorite color is red.
2 partner's persona: my sister is a pole dancer.
3 partner's persona: i enjoy listening to classical music.
4 partner's persona: i am a christian.
5 partner's persona: i can drive a tractor.
6 hey , how are you ? i am listening to bach right now !	i like bach when i am relaxing but when i am working i prefer rock music .
7 my sister pole dances to rock music , but not me !	what do you like to do ?
8 i liked going to church and riding my tractor , the simple life !	a tractor would help with my job tending fields . what is your job ?
9 sound like we are both farmers !	i've horses on my farm . what do you have on yours ?
10 just corn and wheat . tend them with my red tractor .	do you do anything for fun ? i enjoy equestrian .
11 oh , i love horses , but music and church are what i do for fun .	sounds like you have a very good but quiet lifestyle !
12 yes , and you too , but you must work very hard , too !	i do work hard especially taking care of my three arabian horses !
13 oh , they must be stunning !	they're ! and i love riding them !
1 partner's persona: a already have a children.
2 partner's persona: i just bought my first home.
3 partner's persona: i am expecting twins in two months.
4 partner's persona: i am an omnivore.
5 i just purchased my first house , i am so excited !	am happy for you and also have the same plans next year
6 a lot of things are happening in my life , going to have twins in two months !	wow my girl friend is still sticky about having a baby
7 i already got one little girl and the twins on their way , do you have any kids ?	not as yet i first had a tight work schedule not allowing to have one
8 your fridge should be full if she gets pregnant , she will eat everything like me .	i love women who eat to their fill
9 do you have any hobbies ?	my hobbies are watching movies and listening to music
10 ah great , nothing like chilling with some jazz and watching movies !	do you find your kids fun ?
11 yeah even though sometimes they can be bothersome , i love them !	are you a nice parent to them ?
12 yes , i am working my hardest to provide them with anything they need !	that is the dream of every loving parent
1 partner's persona: i like to eat chocolate candy.
2 partner's persona: i like to look at blocks and sing about letters.
3 partner's persona: i like to talk but people have a hard time understanding.
4 partner's persona: when i grow up i want to be a dog.
5 partner's persona: i am four years old.
6 hi , want to get to know each other	how are u doing tonight and are u married
7 i'm good getting married is for gross grown ups	i have been married for 5 years and have 2 kids
8 are you old ? my preschool teacher is old	i am not old but not young i just bought a house last week
9 i live in a house . maybe mommy bought it	well do u eat healthy or do u just eat cereal
10 do you have candy ? i like chocolate	yes i've candy but i do not like to share it
11 me either . sharing is dumb	so whats your favorite color mine is red
12 i like them all , but you cant do it on the walls	no coloring on the walls isn't a good idea
13 yeah you get timeout and can't play blocks too	time out is very bad do u like music
1 partner's persona: i am on the soccer team.
2 partner's persona: my brother is older than me.
3 partner's persona: i ride the bus to school.
4 partner's persona: i hate math class.
5 partner's persona: i'm 13 years old.
6 hi , how are you ? do you have any brothers or sisters ?	no i do not do you ?
7 yes , i am 13 and i have an older brother .	that is nice what kind of music do you like
8 i don't have much time as i play soccer . you ?	i am a music producer for rap artists
9 cool i like rap . i hate maths though ! do you have other hobbies	work takes up a lot of my time
10 ok , i'm still at school . i get the bus there . do you drive ?	i just got a new honda that i'm pretty excited about
11 i can not wait to drive it will be easier to get to soccer matches	yeah its nice but can be expensive
12 you must earn a lot though if you work long hours ?	yeah and luckily i like my job
13 that's good . i'd like to be a professional soccer player	that would be cool i bet its really hard though
1 partner's persona: i like to grill outdoors.
2 partner's persona: i enjoy mowing my lawn on sunny days.
3 partner's persona: i go gambling in my spare time.
4 partner's persona: i move south during the winter.
5 partner's persona: i have been retired for a years.
6 good morning ! about ready to go mow the lawn , how about you ?	it is raining here , i'm just drinking coffee , what are your plans after ?
7 it is raining here too , so i will hit up the casino later on .	do you go gambling often ? i've never been
8 yeah , a lot actually . i am retired and may as well get some enjoyment .	i've to go to the pharmacy today , i am not looking forward to the traffic
9 that's why i am in the south during the winter , no snow covered roads .	i used to live in canada , i know snow . i live in a city now
10 i can see canada from the top of a roller coaster at cedar point .	that's awesome , i've no view , just the buildings surrounding me
11 my winter view is of the ocean . i live directly on the beach .	you are so lucky , i take vacations in south carolina for that very reason
12 i'm in southern ga . i don't care for fl .	florida is one of the last places i'd ever live , california as well
1 partner's persona: i enjoy reading journals and guides related to psychology.
2 partner's persona: my parents taught me survival skills.
3 partner's persona: i am an avid kayaker.
4 partner's persona: i'm also a graduate student.
5 partner's persona: i walk dogs for a living.
6 please tell me something about you	i teach elementary school , and so did my parents . now you ?
7 hi ! i'm a graduate student	that is exciting . what did you go to school for ?
8 do you have a particular specialty ?	well , i love board games , and i would like to think i'm the best . do you ?
9 i study psychology . i love reading the new research in my field	that must be interesting . do you have a favorite band ?
10 ok , i like to kayak for fun . musically , diverse tastes	nice ! to me , the best band ever is up . i even went to their concert once .
11 who is your favorite band ?	i just told you , silly goose . the band up . what about you ?
12 they sound fun . what genre of music ?	i am not entirely sure what they would be considered as .
13 so what do you do ? school ? work ?	i teach elementary school . what do you do ?
1 partner's persona: a already have a children.
2 partner's persona: i'm an omnivore.
3 partner's persona: i'm expecting twins in two months.
4 partner's persona: i work at a bank.
5 hello there ! how are you ?	i'm doing well . do you have any hobbies ?
6 well i am pretty busy with my two kids and preparing for twins in 2 months	wow that does sound busy , i do not have kids , but 3 horses
7 wow ! horses are great . what do you do for a living ?	my family has a farm , i work in the fields most days
8 do you like working outside ? i'm stuck inside working in a bank .	that's to bad , i do not think i could work without music
9 oh yes , music is important .	i like rock , how about you
10 i like softer classical music . i play it for the babies .	does it help them sleep ? i could try it with my horses
11 yes , i think it would work well ! what do horses eat ? we are an omnivore household .	i have a special mix of grains and grasses i use
12 that's great ! are there other animals on the farm ?	when have some sheep , and a few cows . we are getting some pigs in the spring
1 partner's persona: my friends are all skateboarders.
2 partner's persona: i am always wearing a hat.
3 partner's persona: i'm a skateboarder.
4 partner's persona: i've a broken arm.
5 hi there . lets make this fast	hi there , i am bob .
6 hi there . i am lisa from chicago	i retired a long time ago
7 i like to wear hats . people get a kick out of it .	outdoor grilling is my favorite thing .
8 i broke my arm last week moving our grill	what is your favorite color ?
9 mine is green . what is yours ?	i love red , reminds me of summer time .
10 mood booster in a way . i like to skateboard . do you ?	always i love skateboarding too
11 it is a great pass time . and keeps me healthy	healthy is good , better than my gambling
12 yeah gambling can be tough to deal with . hope it gets better	i like to mow lawns
1 partner's persona: i like to eat hamburgers and french fries.
2 partner's persona: i like to take walks.
3 partner's persona: i've a boyfriend.
4 partner's persona: i live in a house.
5 partner's persona: i don't drink soda.
6 hi there how are you ?	hello ! i'm good . i just came inside from tending to my fields .
7 nice got to keep an eye on your crops , too bad i like more burgers and fries	ironically , i do not like the food i plant . i prefer pizza .
8 lol well i do like walks so i would walk the fields any day	my father hates that i do not like the food we plant , as he's a farmer .
9 lol if it wasn't for my boyfriend who stays here i'd eat burgers everyday	do you like music ? i love rock music and listen to it while i work !
10 yes i like latin music mostly or some hip hop	it is funny that my arabian horses , that i have three of by the way , love it .
11 really that is awesome how long have you had them	three years . they are my favorite ones to ride . more fun than driving a car !
12 i bet your but does not get sore lol	i bought a comfortable saddle online not too long ago , but you are right .
13 nice well if you ride them alot it must be worth every penny	i wish i could teach more people to learn to ride
1 partner's persona: i am a blonde girl with really short hair.
2 partner's persona: my favorite hobbies are listening to music and playing video games.
3 partner's persona: my favorite shirts are band shirts and ruffle sleeves.
4 partner's persona: i am rather skinny as i like to stay in shape.
5 hi want to be friends	yes . i need a friend now while i am going to divorce soon .
6 that sounds hard . were you married long	i was 20 when we married and 40 now so that long .
7 wow . sorry it didn't work out . i hope to get married one day	hope it is better . she takes all the money from my bad job and spends it .
8 you need to get to know some one well i guess . did you share hobbies	no we didn't . i sell cars just for her to blow the money .
9 i like music and video gaming	i like television and she loves shopping .
10 you need to find someone to netflix and chill with .	i guess we did do that together . maybe i will keep her .
11 nah . you need someone to enjoy the whole relationship with	she does have more good than bad .
12 i guess you know best . is she pretty ?	yes but her personality is more beautiful .
1 partner's persona: i quit my job to pursue my spirituality full time.
2 partner's persona: i like meditation.
3 partner's persona: i've not spoken in three months.
4 partner's persona: i live in alaska.
5 hello , i would like to get to know you , do you have a moment to speak ?	i would like to chat with you .
6 thank you . you are the first person i hae spoken to in three months .	oh , wow . why has it been so long ?
7 i quit my job in alaska and went soul searching . have you ever been there ?	i've not been there before . what did you used to do for work ?
8 i worked in customer service but never felt connected to the people i worked with .	i understand . i often feel isolated , as well .
9 you are not alone , my friend . have you ever tried meditation ?	i've . it comes in handy when life gets . . . out of control .
10 true . have you had recent experiences you would like to share ?	i was born with a heart condition and received a transplant . it changed me .
11 how is the transplant holding up ?	fine , except . . . i've developed these strange abilities . i can . . . move things with my mind .
12 that sounds amazing . i sometimes tried to do that after meditation . never worked .	it can be scary . why did you choose to find yourself in alaska ?
13 something just pulled me north and it is the perfect setting to pursue my spirituality .	i hear it is lovely there . i have to go now . thank you for chatting !
1 partner's persona: i am an economics major.
2 partner's persona: i am married with two kids.
3 partner's persona: i just bought a house recently.
4 partner's persona: i see the rolling stones in concert every year.
5 partner's persona: i eat a raw diet.
6 hello how are you today ?	i'm okay i guess , pretty lonely though .
7 aw i'm sorry . why are you lonely ?	well , living in a cloud i guess has that effect .
8 that sounds interesting and fun . i'm married and i have 2 kids .	that sounds nice , i bet you are never lonely .
9 not too often . we just recently bought a house .	i am too young to buy a house , at least most people say so about little girls .
10 are you still in school ?	i am suppose to be , but i use my super powers to stop time and not go .
11 sounds like an interesting life you lead .	it is lonely , could i come play with your kids ?
12 sure . we can work out a play date sometime	they could come see my cloud home .
13 they would love that i'm sure .	i bet they would , it is so bouncy and fun there .
1 partner's persona: i was poor growing up.
2 partner's persona: i volunteer at a soup kitchen.
3 partner's persona: i'm a retired gym teacher.
4 partner's persona: cheeseburgers are my favorite food.
5 as a child we were poor , so i spend most time volunteering at a soup kitchen .	did you have to do any hard chores ?
6 no , but i used to be a gym teacher . i am now retired . what do you do ?	i am a school teacher and i love children and my job .
7 that is lovely . do you like cheeseburgers ? they are my favorite .	not really as a women i try to watch my diet at all times .
8 i am a woman , but you know , life is short .	true but i like to try to keep my figure down .
9 as do i , which is why i exercise .	the most exercise i do is walking my dogs
10 i love dogs . what kind do you have ?	i have a hound and a pitbull . and i love them very much .
11 i've a miniature pincer . he's huge . he might eat too many cheeseburgers .	wow you feed your dogs burgers that can't be good for them !
12 i also have 3 cats . one is indoors . the other two like to stay outside .	with to dogs i can't have any cats in the house .
1 partner's persona: i'm a country music singer.
2 partner's persona: my favorite band is rascal flats.
3 partner's persona: i grew up in the industry.
4 partner's persona: i started playing guitar when i was three.
5 partner's persona: we spent summers ring at national parks.
6 good morning ! my name is staci . i sing country music for a living .	hi staci , my name is blob . i like to eat raw and recently bought a house .
7 eat raw ? that is interesting . i am a music industry kid , so i eat healthy too .	like raw veggies , grains , etc . i attend the rolling stones every year if possible .
8 the band i like the most is rascal flats . have you heard of them ?	ya isn't that souther rock ? my major is economics .
9 yes , we spent summers visiting national parks in the south .	what was your favorite park ?
10 ring . what will you do with a economics degree ?	which state is that in ? i attend meetings and pretend like i know a lot .
11 alabama . i started playing the guitar when i was 3 . i really hope to become a singer .	that's awesome . i'm sure you are very talented after starting that young .
12 not to pat myself on the back , but yes i'm . do you enjoy economics ?	it is ok . i have thought about going back to school for another degree .
13 what would you go back to study ?	some science , like bio medicine . did you study music in school ?
1 partner's persona: i'm terrified of scorpions.
2 partner's persona: my favorite color is grey.
3 partner's persona: i'm employed by the us postal service.
4 partner's persona: i have a german shepherd named barnaby.
5 partner's persona: my father drove a car for nascar.
6 hello ! do you have to work today ? i do not . the usps is closed .	hi . how are you ? i do since i work for myself walking dogs
7 i am doing well . barnaby , my shepherd , and i came back from a long walk .	oh you have a dog too . i have three .
8 only one . i work a lot . and , we have scorpions . we are both afraid of them .	wow that's scary . what do you like to do for fun ?
9 i like to attend nascar races , my daddy was a driver .	that is cool . my dad was a door to door salesman .
10 my mom sold avon . they had the pretties grey eye shadow .	i'm not into makeup much
11 i like eye shadow and mascara . i wear a dull uniform , i've to look pretty somehow .	i understand . at least you have government benefits
12 i do . stressful job though .	i can only imagine . are you in a relationship at the moment ?
1 partner's persona: i went to school to be a veterinarian but hated it.
2 partner's persona: i faint at the sight of blood.
3 partner's persona: i've an internet addiction and spend a lot of time playing roleplaying games.
4 partner's persona: i dye my hair every three months.
5 partner's persona: my dream in life is to work from home.
6 hey there , how are you ?	i'm doing amazing , how are you ?
7 a little tired , been playing video games all day	nice , do you have any pets ?
8 i've 4 cats and a puppy , they are my everything	puppies are cool , i want one
9 what kind are you wanting ?	any to help me forget about my cheating girl .
10 oh yikes , that is never fun , i am sorry	change of subject , what is your favorite color ?
11 well , more like a combo , but purple grey and black	i love red , reminds me of summer time .
12 i love the fall , halloween is the best	i've a best friend
13 okay ? everyone has a best friend , and ?	i really like waffles too
1 partner's persona: i love to play pobox.
2 partner's persona: i've blue eyes and red hair that comes to my waist.
3 partner's persona: i'm a 12 year old girl.
4 partner's persona: i don't have many friends.
5 hello , how are you doing today ?	hello , i'm george , and i'm great .
6 how old are you , george ?	i am 26 . my wife is 19 . she's an italian super model .
7 wow , that's so cool . i am only 12 .	stay in school , and raise bees . we need pollinators for the health of the earth .
8 my brother and his girlfriend tried to raise bees . they all died . . .	they should try again . that may have been due to them overheating during shipping .
9 maybe . you seem to know a lot about beekeeping . . .	i have raised bees for eight years .
10 wow , that is over half of my life , haha !	it sure is . my family has a papaya orchard , we started them there .
11 do you live on the orchard ?	not anymore . my wife and i live in milan , italy .
1 partner's persona: my friends are all skateboarders.
2 partner's persona: i've a broken arm.
3 partner's persona: i'm a skateboarder.
4 partner's persona: my favourite skater is rob dryden.
5 partner's persona: i am always wearing a hat.
6 hi , how are you ? do you like sports ?	hi how are you today ?
7 doing good ! i love to skateboard !	my sister used a skate board one time in her act
8 nice ! ! i broke my arm doing it but always wear a hat .	she got hurt by hitting a pole
9 what act did she do ?	she's a pole dancer
10 wow ! is that good money ?	she makes a bit she bought me a tractor
11 i could skateboard around a pole . . . nice sister !	yeah she had it painted bright red too
12 pretty ! what do you do for fun ?	i like to listen to music and you ?
13 i like to skateboard with my friends .	that's awesome do you work full time too ?
1 partner's persona: my father is an electrician.
2 partner's persona: i play the violin and the guitar.
3 partner's persona: i speak chinese.
4 partner's persona: i love chocolate bars.
5 partner's persona: i play ping pong.
6 hello . do you speak another language ?	hi , i love sports because my parents are athletic
7 my dad is works with electronics . i love the guitar and the violin	i do speak another language and you ?
8 i am from china , so i speak mandarin	nice to know , i like to run and in marathons
9 the closest that i get to athletics is ping pong	wow , china is a big country , in china do they eat strange food
10 the food is different , but not strange . i still love chocolate though !	i eat clean meaning i do not eat in a sloppy way or slurps
11 it must be very difficult to eat noodles then	chocolate is expensive in china ? do they have white
12 yes , but i do not like it a lot	slurping isn't for chinese people , only the japanese does it
13 that is not very polite to say	i am a life coach by the way
1 partner's persona: i'm a woman.
2 partner's persona: i am a vegetarian.
3 partner's persona: i'm married.
4 partner's persona: i enjoy sports such as running.
5 hello . how are you this lovely evening ?	i am sweaty . i just got done working out for my job as a wrestler . you ?
6 i'm great . i went for a run earlier . marathon , you know ?	i've never done a marathon . i should try it . how many have you done ?
7 my husband just convinced me to run my first . he has run 3 this year alone .	that is great . i help out at the homeless shelter . it is very fulfilling .
8 giving back to the community is a very selfless thing to do . good for you !	thanks , i like people . i think most of them are good , so i try to help .
9 that is a great attitude to have . i believe you are right . do you have any hobbies ?	i spend most of my time with my job and helping people . do you have any hobbies ?
10 sports , cooking only vegetarian meals , though , spending time with my husband	i could not do vegetarian . i need a lot of protein for my body
11 i eat a lot of beans for protein .	how do you control the gas ? i do like beans , just not too many .
12 after awhile , your body gets used to it .	what is your favorite meal ?
1 partner's persona: a already have a step children.
2 partner's persona: i work at a school.
3 partner's persona: i am expecting triplets in three months.
4 partner's persona: i recently moved to this country.
5 hello there , how are you ? do you live nearby ?	hi ! i love horror movies . what about you ?
6 i do not watch many movies since starting my new job , what do you do ?	cool me too . my father once worked in home depot .
7 i don't know home depot , i moved here not too long ago . what are you doing ?	i'm working in human service field . what about you ?
8 i recently started a job with the local high school . you have any children ?	that's cool . my son is in junior high school .
9 i've one child , although he isn't mine by blood . have you been here long ?	yes i've been here for a while . what about you ?
10 i've only been here four months now . how old are you ?	i'm not that old . what about you ?
11 i'm younger as well , but i got married young too . are you married ?	yes i'm . i have a child who is 14
12 that's nice , my child just turned 12 a few weeks ago .	that's really great . i hope you have a healthy future .
1 partner's persona: my favorite movie is friday.
2 partner's persona: i'm a doctor.
3 partner's persona: my daughter is a child prodigy.
4 partner's persona: i'm now looking for a new job.
5 partner's persona: i enjoy going to the park.
6 good afternoon , how are you on this monday ?	not bad hanging out with my cats . you ?
7 just trying to make it to friday and looking for a job	oh hopefully you find one i'm excited about winter its my fav
8 it will be nice when it cools down . but i do like going to the park	do you like icecream ? i really like vanilla
9 my daughter is super smart and she likes it	do you collect anything ? i do hats
10 i collect medical stories from my old medicine practice	oh that's a good hobby can learn alot
11 what else do you like ?	i like ice skating but i am not very good
12 you just have to keep getting up when you fall	i try my best but its easier to learn as a kid
13 what is your favorite movie ?	i really like the blair witch 2 , you ?
1 partner's persona: i love to go to disney world every year.
2 partner's persona: i play with my friends on the playground.
3 partner's persona: mickey mouse is my favorite character.
4 partner's persona: i'm in the third grade.
5 hey there buddy how are you	hi i'm good how are you
6 i'm great can't wait to go to disney world	that's cool are you going soon ?
7 i hope so i love me some mickey mouse !	yeah he is pretty awesome i like him too
8 what grade are you in	i'm out of school i have a job
9 oh wow you are a lot older than me	yeah haha i went to vet school but i'd rather work from home
10 i am still only in my third year of elementary school	oh wow are you excited for high school
11 i'm more excited to go to the playground	haha that's funny what kind of food do you like
1 partner's persona: my parents were also teachers.
2 partner's persona: my favorite band is up and i got to see them in concert once.
3 partner's persona: for vacation i enjoy time at the beach.
4 partner's persona: i am an elementary school teacher.
5 partner's persona: i love to play board games.
6 hi , how are you doing ?	hello ! i am well , and you ?
7 pretty good . i love playing board games , do you ?	i do . what is your favorite ?
8 definitely monopoly . i am an elementary teacher , and my kids do too .	monopoly is the best game , i agree . what grade are you teaching ?
9 i teach 3rd grade , my parents were teachers too . i got it from them .	teachers are wonderful . i have a cousin that teaches high school .
10 that is nice . i vacation at the beach once a year to just decompress .	teachers are wonderful . i have a cousin that teaches high school .
11 well , tell me about yourself .	i love music as well .
12 so do i ! i got to see my favorite band up in concert !	live music is the best .
1 partner's persona: my pets name is charlie.
2 partner's persona: i listen to rap music.
3 partner's persona: i drive a 2015 honda civic.
4 partner's persona: my favourite food is pizza.
5 hello , how are you today ?	good . just got done with my part time waitressing gig . you ?
6 just playing with my pet dog , his name is charlie	does he like to play outside ? i like to ride my motorbike everywhere .
7 he like to ride in my 2015 honda civic while we jam to rap music	do you like to race ? i've a shiny striped red and blue helmet for safety .
8 no , but do you like pizza ? it is my favourite food to eat everday	no , but i like to look at food with my big brown eyes and light skin .
9 ooh , brown eyes are my favourite color of eyes . i've hazle eyes	i bet your eyes would match my bike helmet .
10 ha , i bet they would , i don't wear helmets i wear watermelons on my head instead	i like to eat watermelons .
11 me too , i spit the seeds out at my brothers	spitting isn t lady like . i don t do that .
12 well i grew up with 33 brothers and had to fit in , only girl you know	do any of your brothers race ? i could live on my motorbike .
1 partner's persona: i've one brother.
2 partner's persona: i like tacos.
3 partner's persona: i have three sisters.
4 partner's persona: i love dogs.
5 hello how are you doing	great ! just cannot sleep . why are you up so late ?
6 just surfing the web looking at dog videos lol	dog videos are fun , cats too . i like the dog memes .
7 my brother and i love those too ! my sisters love the cat ones	ah , dogs for boys cats for girls , huh ?
8 lol seems that way . . . about to raid my fridge . . . . tacos or pizza ?	why pizza of course . well depends on what toppings .
9 black olives and mushrooms . . . . think i will go tacos lol	yeah there are no anchovies ! anchovy makes me a cat person i guess .
10 bravo to you . . . pretty sure i have never tried anchovies . . . yuck	they are yummy salty little fish . you should try them .
11 maybe i will try some day . . . just not today	well that's a good plan . variety is the spice of life .
12 if you say so , what is the craziest thing you have ever done ?	i am a pro wrestler so there have been a lot of things .
1 partner's persona: they're constantly on my back.
2 partner's persona: i just want to have fun with my friends.
3 partner's persona: i am 19 and i cannot wait to move out 19 my parents home.
4 partner's persona: i don't drink or do drugs or anything.
5 hello ! i'm paula !	hello paula . nice to meet you
6 i am 19 . how old are you ?	i am 34 . where do you live ? i am from alaska
7 australia . wish i was your age . need to move out from my parents home	what line of work are you in ?
8 not working yet . just having fun with friends ! hehe . you ?	i actually quit working to focus on buddhism
9 oh ! interesting ! i guess you don't do drugs . . i don't !	no i don't . my body is a temple . i meditate often
10 nice ! wish my parents did ! they're always controlling me . need meditation	your parents want what is best for you . are you in college ?
11 yes , i am studying law at the moment	excellent choice ! that will provide great opportunities
1 partner's persona: horror movies are my favorites.
2 partner's persona: i'm a stay at home dad.
3 partner's persona: my father used to work for home depot.
4 partner's persona: i spent a decade working in the human services field.
5 halloween is coming . do you like horror movies ?	no , i get scared . i am excited about trick or treating . i am going to be ariel .
6 i watch them with my kids . my daughter loves ariel .	me too , and i already have the long red hair . it goes to my waist .
7 my daughter has dark hair .	how old is she ? i am 12 . does she like school ? i hate it .
8 she is six . i'm a stay at home dad .	i wish my dad did . i get picked on because of my hair and blue eyes .
9 why would they pick on that ?	kids are just mean . they won't play with me .
10 that's sad . my daughter has lots of friends . her name is amalia .	i like her name ! it is so pretty .
11 her full name is amalia reina	she's so lucky to have a pretty name . my name is sarah jane .
1 partner's persona: i'm not a good swimmer at all.
2 partner's persona: i love rollercoasters and sky diving.
3 partner's persona: i'm a vegan and i love hummus.
4 partner's persona: i do like watching cooking shows.
5 hi , how are you doing ?	doing good . just strumming my guitar . how about you ?
6 i'm fine , i was watching a cooking show , i like those	do you like cooking or baking ? or both ?
7 neither , i just like to eat . for example i like hummus	my go to snack is chocolate bars
8 me too ! i am vegan but still love chocolate	what other hobbies do you have ? i play violin and guitar
9 i like extreme sensations , like sky diving and rollercoasters	yikes i hate roller coasters . they're so scary .
10 i'm afraid of water , i'm not good at swimming	what do you do for work ? i'm an electrician just like my dad .
11 i like electricity and electronics . i am a bartender	do you speak any languages ? i am teaching myself chinese
12 i speak spanish too . chinese is way too complicated for me	yeah it is hard to learn but i would love to visit china one day .
1 partner's persona: i don't drink or do drugs or anything.
2 partner's persona: i just want to have fun with my friends.
3 partner's persona: i'm 19 and i cannot wait to move out 19 my parents home.
4 partner's persona: i work took i have a part time job at burger king.
5 hi how are you tonight ?	i am very good , just practicing taking pictures . how are you ?
6 good but will be better when i move out of my parents house !	oh definitely ! i'm moving next week into a new apartment with my boyfriend
7 cool ! i'll not be able to afford an apartment with my burger king job . advice ?	learn a language , i speak english , french , and spanish . you can tutor or teach like i do
8 that is a good idea ! then i can hang out with my friends more	it is a rewarding job , i teach at an elementary school and that is even more rewarding
9 yeah seems like it . i just want to have fun though now	i understand that , i spend a lot of my free time practicing photography
10 i love taking pictures . i do that a lot but i'm nowhere near a professional	i'm not either but i'll have my own studio in my new apartment
11 good luck with everything you are doing !	thank you very much ! i appreciate that !
12 no problem . maybe one day you can teach me something !	i would be honored to teach you , maybe that second language !
1 partner's persona: i am 13 years old.
2 partner's persona: my brother is older than me.
3 partner's persona: i hate math class.
4 partner's persona: i ride the bus to school.
5 partner's persona: i'm on the soccer team.
6 hi ! how is it going ?	good , how about you ? ?
7 a little on the tired side , lots of math homework stuff	hate math . do you have any pets ?
8 four cats , and a puppy , they are the light of my life	awww ! i have cats , five of them . i know what you mean
9 i wish i could have moer honestly	it is a lot of work ! do you have a job ?
10 temporarily no , what do you do for a living ?	cool , i work in construction . i really enjoying home building !
11 i bet you get a sense of accomplishment , i mostly spend time playing soccer	soccer is a lot of fun . how long have you been playing ?
12 since i was 5 , i have always loved it	it is great to have a passion
13 got to have something to get you up in the morning	i agree with that ! life is tough
1 partner's persona: i play ping pong.
2 partner's persona: my father is an electrician.
3 partner's persona: i love chocolate bars.
4 partner's persona: i play the violin and the guitar.
5 partner's persona: i speak chinese.
6 hi how are you doing tonight i'm fine .	hey there , i'm doing well , what do you do for a living ?
7 i'm not working that stinks but i find something to do .	i'm still in school , looking to be a lawyer
8 i like getting down with ping pong congrats .	did you grow up in like a major city ? or ?
9 yes i grew up in a small town in new jersey .	my god mother lives in trenton up there
10 cool i like to eat all kinds of tasty chocolate candy .	okay ? do you like m ms ?
11 i like entertaining violins also getting down on guitars .	way to copy the prompts
12 sorry i eat them they ate great with the peanuts .	oh i'm sure they're
13 my daddy employment is doing electrician jobs .	mine raised horses , grew up on a farm
1 partner's persona: i was raised in a single parent household.
2 partner's persona: i only eat kosher.
3 partner's persona: i'm a stunt double as my second job.
4 partner's persona: i read twenty books a year.
5 partner's persona: i never broke a bone in my body ever in my life.
6 i am a stunt double . do you do anything interesting ?	no , i live in a small farming community in indiana . it is pretty boring .
7 it was boring for me too growing up with a single parent	being a single parent is hard work . did you have any pets to keep you company ?
8 no pets , its so lonely i read over twenty books a year	i have a german shepherd . the only books i have are coloring books , which i love .
9 i like coloring books . i do them while i eat my kosher meals	very nice . do you like sports ? i like to watch the nhl hockey league .
10 i like to play soccer .	how long have you been playing ?
11 10 years . luckily i've not broken a single bone in my entire body yet .	that is pretty amazing , very lucky .
12 do you have any other interests ?	i like to play blackjack . you ?
1 partner's persona: i like to dance.
2 partner's persona: my aunt helped me escape when i was of.
3 partner's persona: now i live in the united states.
4 partner's persona: i was forced to marry when i was a.
5 hello , how are you this afternoon ?	i'm doing very well
6 do you dance ? do you live in florida ? i love the united states .	i like dancing and reading vegan books
7 my aunt brought me and my sister here from somalia .	what was it like there
8 awful . i was forced into an arranged marriage . it is so much nicer here .	why were you forced into marriage
9 it is how things are done over there .	where do you live at
10 i live the midwest . where are you ?	i'm in mississippi the south
11 i know where that is , i have a friend there .	how did you two meet
12 at a ballet recital . are you married ?	i am too young for that
1 partner's persona: i did not graduate high school.
2 partner's persona: i'm in the army.
3 partner's persona: i live in canada.
4 partner's persona: my grandfather served in world war a.
5 partner's persona: my favourite food is shawarma.
6 in the army here , i live in canada	oh , i walk a couple miles a day so i know the pain .
7 oh , my favorite food is shawarma	oh , i love spending time with my family .
8 my grandfather was in world world 2	i'm glad he protected disneyland . it is my favorite place .
9 yeah he sure did , he loved mickey mouse	i like reading books to relax .
10 sounds like a a lot of fun , relaxing	yeah , i need to do it a lot because i deliver babies .
11 oh okay because you are a delivery nurse	yes it is pretty stressful .
12 yeah , i bet but worth it	it makes me very happy .
13 i bet , so awesome . i mean wow	yeah , i am glad you think so .
1 partner's persona: my dream car is a rolls royce ghost.
2 partner's persona: i currently work for a watch dealer.
3 partner's persona: i often shop for shoes and watches.
4 partner's persona: my family doesn't support my career choices.
5 partner's persona: i like shopping.
6 hello friend , how are you today	fine thank you lovely night where having .
7 i got some rain today , just come home from buying shoe	do you like jogging . i love running .
8 i not much of a jogging prefer driving fast car	sounds really dangerous . is it safe to do that .
9 yeah as long as you have the right car like a rolls royce	wow cool ! i got a new job just yesterday .
10 where are you from friend ?	miami ! i also like to eat clean
11 yeah clean eating is important for ones health	i know i really like the idea of eating healthy .
12 whats your favorite food to eat healthy	salad and meat . both of my parents were pretty athletic .
13 kool , my parents are ok , just need to encourage me in what i do	so what kind of thing do they not encourage you in ?
1 partner's persona: i remember when nobody had a television.
2 partner's persona: i feel like i might live forever.
3 partner's persona: i love to drink wine and dance in the moonlight.
4 partner's persona: i am very strong for my age.
5 hey how are you doing today ?	i'm good , thanks . just tired from the concert earlier . you ?
6 who did you see and i just relaxing	i actually was performing . and , relaxation is always good .
7 wish was there to see you like to dance with the wife	it was an experience growing up in the industry . do you like country music ?
8 country music is nice what your favorite song	you'll never leave harlan alive
9 i am old and workout every day i sure i'll be okay	lol . i hope that you'll be ok .
10 be okay i do not see why everyone want to watch tv just go for a walk	i walk two miles with my daughter every morning and evening .
11 how many kids you have and that's good	i've four kiddos . you ?
12 me and wife just like to drink wine relax all kids over 18	that is great . i just opened up a jug of my homemade apple wine last night .
1 partner's persona: i'm an economics major.
2 partner's persona: i eat a raw diet.
3 partner's persona: i am married with two kids.
4 partner's persona: i see the rolling stones in concert every year.
5 partner's persona: i just bought a house recently.
6 hey there . just got back from my economics class . how are ya	hello , i am doing alright . getting ready to head to class myself .
7 do you enjoy school ? i don't mind it . i'm married . you	i do , i'm hoping to go to law school . not married , engaged .
8 marriage is fun . . we just bought our first house .	we built a house on my family horse farm . we have over 5000 acres .
9 i'm jealous ! haha ! i need to buy some land	this has been in my family for generations .
10 keep it in your family , that's nice for future generations	it truly is . we have been here for 200 years .
11 so awesome . lots of room for gardening	we have a food plot , mainly cattle and sheep
12 we have beef and pig on our farm	those are good too , we have a few pigs .
13 keeps for a busy life doesn't it ?	it sure does , and that is perfectly fine by me .
1 partner's persona: i'm married with two kids.
2 partner's persona: i'm an economics major.
3 partner's persona: i eat a raw diet.
4 partner's persona: i see the rolling stones in concert every year.
5 partner's persona: i just bought a house recently.
6 hi , how are you ? i am busy .	fine . i am emma . i am four .
7 i'm much older .	he he . do you like to sing ? i like the abc song .
8 my kids are your age . i have two and a husband .	do they like candy sometimes ? i like chocolate .
9 i love raw foods . i just made some raw cookies and pizza .	i like pizza and cookies . i like blocks to play with .
10 we just moved into our new house . we watched the builders build it brick by brick .	wow ! cool ! sometimes people can not understand me when i talk .
11 you remind me of someone at the rolling stones concert i go to every year .	that's silly . sometimes i wish i could be a dog .
12 everyone speaks differently . don't let that stop you from doing your best .	thank you ! you are nice !
13 do you go to school ? i teach my students about economics .	not yet . bye bye . mommy is calling me .
1 partner's persona: i live in the cloud.
2 partner's persona: i've superpowers.
3 partner's persona: i like to make time stop.
4 partner's persona: i am very lonely.
5 partner's persona: i am a little girl.
6 hello , i'm a lonely little girl .	hi , how are you today ? do you like to go shopping ?
7 good , i would love to shop but i live up high in the clouds .	my favorite watch is the rolex ? what is yours ?
8 making time stop is my favorite thing to do .	my favorite thing is to go shopping for watches and shoes
9 i am lonely and have super powers	i am sorry . i guess it is good that i work for a watch dealer
10 that doesn't help me though , i am just a girl	i am a girl too . but shopping is fun .
11 lonely little girls do not shop much , super powers are more fun	i am sad too . my family doesn't want me to work for a watch dealer
12 the cloud is a good place to live instead , i love it .	are there rolls royce ghost cars there . that's my dream car
1 partner's persona: i try various coffees as a hobby.
2 partner's persona: i played football for a division a college.
3 partner's persona: i'm a huge star wars fan.
4 partner's persona: i enjoy poetry.
5 hello . how are you today ?	hi ! my name is sophie . i'm doing well . how are you ?
6 very well thank you . do you have any hobbies ?	i love watching the movie frozen and singing along !
7 i try different coffees , read poetry and watch star wars . i've not seen frozen .	i just started the third grade and love to write poetry ! i write about mickey mouse .
8 that sounds like fun ! i love mickey mouse ! he is pretty cool .	my family and i go to disney world every year ! have you ever been ?
9 i have been once and stayed the week . it was awesome . i want to go again .	i can not wait to go again !
10 i know i can not either . do you like football ?	yes ! my favorite team is the steelers . what is yours ?
11 redskins and packers . i played college .	cool ! i've never met anyone who played beyond high school .
12 it was pretty fun . i liked it .	where did you go to college ?
1 partner's persona: i won a gold medal in the 1992 olympics.
2 partner's persona: i have a weakness for vanilla ice cream.
3 partner's persona: my favorite season is winter.
4 partner's persona: i have a hat collection of over 1000 hats.
5 partner's persona: i love cats and have two cats.
6 hi how you doing tonight buddy i'm good .	hello . i'm on vacation in europe , doing very well tonight .
7 europe must be very beautiful my sister went there .	it is . i visit twice yearly . i'm working on my art degree .
8 i love art i once one a trophy doing a olympic sport .	i love food , lol . i'm doing a still life of fish and chips .
9 me too i'm kind of on the heavy side i eat to much .	i love paella , i eat it way too often to be healthy .
10 the best time for eating is the winter .	i think the best time is anytime , lol
11 i eat plenty of vanilla ice cream good for the summer .	i eat ice cream sandwiches , like my great great whatever chris columbus .
12 i have many old but need new hats need over 1000 .	i collect shoes and lingerie , so i feel your pain .
13 i like animals i have two cats how about you ?	i love dogs . big dogs .
1 partner's persona: my father used to work for home depot.
2 partner's persona: i spent a decade working in the human services field.
3 partner's persona: horror movies are my favorites.
4 partner's persona: i have a son who is in junior high school.
5 partner's persona: i'm a stay at home dad.
6 hi there ! how are you doing ?	hello i'm doing pretty good and yourself
7 real good ! i sure hope there's a good horror movie on tonight !	i rather watch a comedy then a horror movie
8 oh , not me ! the boy and i are planning on watching together .	oh really nice , i live alone i rather sew some curtains lol
9 do you enjoy living alone ? or do you get lonely ?	i do enjoy it a lot , i'm retired and i have a cat
10 oh , wonderful ! i used to do social work , but now i stay home .	oh okay that really good , i figured i beat cancer being alone isn't that bad
11 boy , that is a real achievement !	yeah i feel pretty good about that . i am living the good life now
12 good ! my old man wanted me to get into hardware . he worked at home depot .	i like sitting around home and enjoying myself , i think its time to get a smartphone
13 i like sitting around , too . put my time in ! just gotta get junior through school .	that's pretty awesome , my cat
1 partner's persona: i'm married.
2 partner's persona: i enjoy sports such as running.
3 partner's persona: my favorite color is blue.
4 partner's persona: i'm a woman.
5 hi there , how are you ?	blah , getting ready for over eaters anonymous class , you ?
6 doing well . having a relaxing sunday	i can not relax , i work with old stinky people .
7 what is it that you do ?	i am a nurse . it is the only thing that give me hope .
8 my mother was a nurse . have you ever tried running ?	i'm to big to run , my wife left me because i'm so big
9 i am sorry to hear that . maybe baby steps , like walking	baby . . . . . . . she took my babies too ! ! what do you do ?
10 i sell jewelry . what do you do ?	nurse and at night i manage atheist facebook groups .
11 what is your favorite color ?	blue , i guess . what is yours ?
1 partner's persona: i'm studying to be a computer programmer.
2 partner's persona: my favorite music genre is death metal.
3 partner's persona: i'm a swim coach at my local pool.
4 partner's persona: my mother is very traditional while i prefer to be more free spirited.
5 partner's persona: my family and i are from india.
6 hello i hope you sunday is great , what is you favorite kind of music	hey there . been a relaxed sunday . yours ? music eclectic .
7 my sunday has been exciting ! i enjoy death metal	death metal . cool . i spent the morning volunteering .
8 i volunteer too , at the local pool to be a swim coach	that's great ! we both volunteer ! mine is rescuing bunnies .
9 there are a lot of bunnies in india , that is where i'm from	that is my idea of heaven . i love bunnies ! i donate to a bunny charity too .
10 wow that's exciting good for you . i'm learning about computers , programming	what programming language are you learning ?
11 i'm trying out c it is very basic but helpful	that's cool . i tried c a long time ago , but couldn't understand it .
12 i find myself to be free spirited which helps	a free spirited death metal loving aspiring programmer !
13 very different than my mother who is traditional , we clash a lot	i'm sorry . hope things calm down between you .
1 partner's persona: i live in the cloud.
2 partner's persona: i've superpowers.
3 partner's persona: i am very lonely.
4 partner's persona: i am a little girl.
5 i'm told that i think above all others	i see . how are you doing today ?
6 fine the mind of no one but very intelligent	perhaps i'll make you an adviser if i take the world over .
7 i'm only 16 years old and a female	i've a grand child about your age . my kids should bring them around more
8 well my powers are available like wonder woman	perhaps your intelligence will survive time beauty is fleeting , and has not stayed with me .
9 sometimes i get be by myself alot due to my powers	i also spend a lot of time alone . my two kids never come over anymore .
10 powers of the universe laugh its okay	in my youth i painted . now my hands are stiff and i clean houses
11 are your kids grown and married	yes they are . i am fifty six now .
12 did you sell your paintings to people	i used to , yes .
1 partner's persona: i work at a school.
2 partner's persona: i just moved into my first home.
3 partner's persona: i recently moved to this country.
4 partner's persona: a already have a step children.
5 partner's persona: i'm expecting triplets in three months.
6 hi how are you ? what do you do for work ?	i'm good . i'm only four . i eat chocolate . would you like to be a dog ?
7 that's a lot of interesting stuff . do you go to school ?	i go to preschool i want to understand when people talk to me .
8 my job is at a school , where do you live ?	i live in texas how about you ? do you have a dog ?
9 i live in georgia , i just got a new house . we do not have a dog , you ?	i've a dog . i really want to be a dog when i get older
10 well , what do you think you need to do to be a dog ?	i don't know . do you know how to become a dog ?
11 i think you have to run a lot and eat all your dinner	i can do that if it will help me be a dog
12 well that is good ! i hope you get to be a big dog	me too . do you like chocolate
13 i love chocolate , do you have a favourite candy bar ?	i like snickers . do you like snickers ?
1 partner's persona: i'm 100 years old.
2 partner's persona: i am very strong for my age.
3 partner's persona: i love to drink wine and dance in the moonlight.
4 partner's persona: i feel like i might live forever.
5 partner's persona: i remember when nobody had a television.
6 hi i just finished my 100th birthday . i could live forever !	that is great ! i used to know someone who was 106 . she had been judy garlands dentist
7 that is awesome . going strong , even at 100 .	hamburgers and french fries won't help me to live that long , but they are my fav foods
8 yum ! i love to dance . its best in the moonlight with a glass of wine .	i like walking . my house is close to a river and park so i walk there
9 fun . wow , the years have flown . television didn't exist when i was a kid .	i knew a hundred year old who remembered wwi
10 yeah . those were worrisome days . do you have hobbies ?	i like drinking rum but not with soda anymore .
11 yeah . i will stick to wine . forever young , baby !	wine must be the secret to a long life then
12 that , a forever love , and faith .	yes the 106 year old i knew had all those things . so i guess that works
13 enough about me . tell me more about you .	i don't have any children and i sell electronics on the internet
1 partner's persona: i drive a 2015 honda civic.
2 partner's persona: my favourite food is pizza.
3 partner's persona: i listen to rap music.
4 partner's persona: my pets name is charlie.
5 how are you doing today	oh gosh another day just grateful .
6 do you like music at all	my hearing isn't that good i just reached 100 years .
7 wow i bet you had a great life	i am not sure if life has begun yet , i feel that there is way more ahead .
8 that's an interesting way of thinking	i feel strong , other than the hearing part . i hear music from the inside .
9 that is so cool . what do you do	i drink and dance at night when the moon is out .
10 at least you enjoy life	you better . with or without tv . nobody had tv when i was young .
11 what did you do back then	i cannot remember . i try hard to remember but nothing comes up .
12 it would be so cool to know	not really i'm happy to forget all things .
1 partner's persona: my father is a farmer.
2 partner's persona: i like to listen to rock music while working.
3 partner's persona: i help tend the fields.
4 partner's persona: i have three arabian horses.
5 hey there i live on a farm .	i'm a piano teacher on the side
6 great what do you do regularly ? i run a tractor on our farm with my dad .	i explore new parts of the city i'm in
7 i own arabian horses that i ride in the cities christmas parade .	those are beautiful horses . my father plays violin professionally .
8 that is way cool . rock music keeps me company on the tractor .	i play quite a lot of instruments
9 what ones do you play ?	piano , guitar , drums , flute , chello
10 wow , you are very talented .	yeah well music has been my passion in life
11 i think that's great . i love having fresh veggies every day .	that's awesome do you cook them or eat them raw
12 i like to put them in smoothies that way i get all my servings .	that seems quite interesting
1 partner's persona: my mom passed away when i was young.
2 partner's persona: i love playing softball.
3 partner's persona: my father is in the army.
4 partner's persona: i recently was fired and had to get a new job.
5 hello . my softball game was canceled due to the hurricane .	oh how are you doing ? i am sorry to hear that .
6 doing great . daddy was in the army , he taught me things .	i once lived in my moms house .
7 mine passed when i was eight .	i am so sorry mines too in my twenties .
8 thank you . it is a hard thing to go through .	yes i am with my boyfriend now try not to think about it .
9 i try to work and stay busy , i'm in between jobs right now .	yes i know it is hard i cannot drink soda .
10 we call it pop here . a kid moved here from vegas , he calls it soda .	yes my sister calls it pop too .
11 my favorite is cheer wine .	i eat to much french fries and hamburgers plenty food .
1 partner's persona: my favorite color is navy blue.
2 partner's persona: i donate a part of my salary to charity each month.
3 partner's persona: i volunteer my time with a local bunny rescue.
4 partner's persona: i am ex military.
5 hello ! who am i speaking with today ?	hi , my name is taylor . you might know my dad , he was a construction worker .
6 i may very well . what he in the military ? i was .	no , do you like coffee ? because i love it !
7 no . i do not drink coffee .	what ? well how about alcohol , i hate alcohol and the color pink
8 i don't drink alcohol . my favorite color is blue . navy blue .	i love blue too , i also enjoy mountain biking . have you ever tried it ?
9 no , but would love to . i volunteer at a local bunny rescue .	cool , anything else interesting about you ?
10 i enjoy donating to charity . what about you ?	no , i'm a pretty bland person
11 not if you like mountain biking ! that's cool .	yeah i guess , i actually went mountain biking yesterday at mt . ember
1 partner's persona: i have one older sister.
2 partner's persona: my favourite artist is travis scott.
3 partner's persona: i like playing basketball.
4 partner's persona: my mother is a dentist.
5 hello , how are you ? my mom is a dentist .	whats up ? i am okay , broke up with my boyfriend recently
6 sorry to hear . my older sister is available .	does she like to go hiking in the mornings ? i love that !
7 she does and we play basketball because i like to .	awesome ! how old ? i just turned 18 .
8 i am 71 and my mom is a dentist .	wow your mom doesn't want to retire ?
9 no she's 103 and still practicing . do you like travis scott ?	that's impressive . and yes i do ! do you like fish ?
10 i usually only eat salmon while i am playing basketball . you ?	no not to eat . i have a huge aquarium and have them as pets .
11 oh , ya i don't like to eat aquarium fish . someone i know though eats guppies .	wow ! that is terrible . what is your favorite color ?
12 mine is currently white , you ?	orange is mine . why white ?
1 partner's persona: my next language to study is french.
2 partner's persona: one of the languages that i'm currently studying is spanish.
3 partner's persona: my favorite spanish word is trabajo.
4 partner's persona: i'm a musician.
5 hi ! i am planning to study french .	i am working on both of my vintage mustangs
6 that is amazing . i am currently studying spanish .	cool i love country music sone songs are in spanish
7 really . i like creating music .	cool i love going to the country music concerts
8 that is amazing . i've a favorite spanish word which is trabajo .	what dons that mean in english ?
9 that means work . it specifies different types .	cool . i've to walk my 2 dogs soon
10 that's amazing . you have fun with your dogs .	i cant wait we will walk to the park
11 that's amazing . be careful with all the walk .	i'll and live life and have fun !
12 you too . you have an amazing life ahead .	we both do and we will be happy with life
1 partner's persona: i own a cat and a dog.
2 partner's persona: my favorite movie is mean girls.
3 partner's persona: i'm deathly afraid of heights.
4 partner's persona: i help out at the food bank occasionally.
5 partner's persona: i'm a party animal.
6 hi good afternoon . it is so high up here .	so high up where ? i'm at ground level
7 i'm on top of a skyscraper . i think i'll take the elevator down . so afraid .	what are you doing up there ? i hate heights
8 visiting the city and someone recommended it .	well sounds exciting ! i'm trying to study . . for my spanish class
9 that is exciting . i wish i can speak spanish . many hispanic folks at the food bank .	i'm studying french next ! i love languages
10 cool you can become a diplomat . i just help out at the food bank .	i love the word trabajo . . . just rolls off the tongue
11 haha trabajo is good but party is cool . love parties .	what kind ? holiday parties ? work parties ?
12 anything goes . music , people , dance	yes that's always a good time . do u work ?
13 no i volunteer at the food bank .	okay , very rewarding i'm sure
1 partner's persona: i faint at the sight of blood.
2 partner's persona: my dream in life is to work from home.
3 partner's persona: i've an internet addiction and spend a lot of time playing roleplaying games.
4 partner's persona: i went to school to be a veterinarian but hated it.
5 partner's persona: i dye my hair every three months.
6 hey stranger ! how are you today ?	i'm fine but my skateboard needs to be fixed
7 oh no ! what is wrong with it ? are you a pro skateboarder	yes , and my arm was broken when
8 ouch ! that'sn't good ! i don't do well with injuries , blood , etc .	my friends were all skateboarding
9 well i hope it gets better soon . i prefer games online rather than physical ones .	have you heard of rob dryden ?
10 no i haven't . who is that ?	he's a skater that i really look up to
11 great ! do you hope to go pro one day ?	of course but not really my focus right now healing
12 that is best . i tried to be a vet but changed my mind .	oh why did you do it
13 i don't do well with blood . i did not realize this at first .	oh , but at least you are learning now
1 partner's persona: i love italian food and garlic bread.
2 partner's persona: i workout four hours a day.
3 partner's persona: my favorite color is yellow.
4 partner's persona: gymnastics is my favorite sport.
5 partner's persona: i'm a gold medalist olympian.
6 hi , i love gymnastics , the color yellow and garlic bread . jenny is my name .	hello jenny ! my name is lee and i am retired .
7 you workout ? i do . i have a gold medal and i'm italian .	no i don't , but i like to grill . a gold medal ! fantastic !
8 thanks ! you military lee ? i do gymnastics four hours a day .	no . i go south in the winter and i do like to gamble .
9 great ! i've on a yellow leotard and love anything italian to eat .	i like italian . my fave is lasagna .
10 you like carrot noodles in your lasagna ?	i've not tried that but it sounds good .
11 good ! i make my lasagna with plantains . you should try it lee .	is plantain a kind of banana ?
12 sort of but not really . it looks like a banana but the taste is like a potato .	that sounds like it would be good .
1 partner's persona: i love rollercoasters and sky diving.
2 partner's persona: i do like watching cooking shows.
3 partner's persona: i'm not a good swimmer at all.
4 partner's persona: hello i just moved here from germany.
5 good evening , how are you doing tonight ?	i am quite well . enjoying my tofu salad
6 oh yeah that's awesome . i love watching cooking shows and them using tofu to cook with	i only eat vegetables . where are you from ?
7 veggies are good . i love veggies too . i just moved from here from gemany	wow ! do you like it here ?
8 it is ok . its a new surrounding	are you married to anyone ?
9 no not at the moment i am single	i married to the man of my dreams
10 that's nice . i wish i was married . what is his name	bob but he goes by stanley
11 oh that's a nice name . what do you guys love to do ?	we love painting and ballroom dancing what about you ?
1 partner's persona: my family has raised horses for a generations.
2 partner's persona: i dream of moving to the city.
3 partner's persona: i was raised on a horse farm.
4 partner's persona: i want to be a lawyer.
5 hello i am a country guy who wants to move to the city	hi country guy , my husband and i live in the country too
6 born and raised on a farm with horses	cool . no horses here , just a german shepherd
7 my family has generations of experience in the horse business	ok . do you have any hobbies ?
8 i'm busy in college studying law	that is quite to hobby . i like nhl and those adult coloring books .
9 adult coloring books are all the rage	they sure are . i even have one with horses .
10 well i might have to check that one out .	sure . i can not really say the same about law school
11 i hope it pays off in the long run	me too . i'll be nice to know an attorney .
1 partner's persona: i am expecting twins in two months.
2 partner's persona: a already have a children.
3 partner's persona: i work at a bank.
4 partner's persona: i just bought my first home.
5 partner's persona: i'm an omnivore.
6 hello ! how are you this evening ?	pretty good . got some pizza coming . whoo !
7 alright ! i'm craving pizza , i'm pregnant with twins .	oh wow . all i have is a dog . that's enough for me .
8 what kind of dog do you have ?	doberman . his name is charlie .
9 sweet . do you work ? i work in a bank .	i produce music . what do you do at the bank ?
10 i'm a teller . i sit all day which helps with my pregnant belly .	when are you due ?
11 i have 2 months to go . i have 2 girls already and this is a boy .	i thought it was twins ?
12 sorry boys . i forget sometimes pregnant brains . lol	you will be busy with all those kids .
13 i just bought my first house too . pretty stressful at the moment .	awesome . need to find a bigger place myself .
1 partner's persona: my favorite band is up and i got to see them in concert once.
2 partner's persona: i love to play board games.
3 partner's persona: for vacation i enjoy time at the beach.
4 partner's persona: my parents were also teachers.
5 my parents are teachers and together we love board games	my biggest fear is being attacked by scorpions
6 we go to the beach together during our vacations	i work for the government , the u s postal service to be exact
7 they're horrible , are they insects or animals ?	i believe they're insects , ny daddy use to drive a nascar race car
8 wow , you sounded like the secret service . i love concerts .	my dog which is a german shepard , is a retired cop
9 you have a great father , my is just a teacher	his name is barnaby , he's 13 years old
10 we have a k 9 unit in our area	teaching is a great profession , you should be proud
11 the older they are the smarter they get .	i think you may be right about that , he's very smart
12 thanks for your encouragement , i love to teach .	without teachers this world would be stupid
1 partner's persona: i do not drink alcohol.
2 partner's persona: i am a huge coffee lover.
3 partner's persona: i enjoy mountain biking as a hobby.
4 partner's persona: i hate the color pink.
5 partner's persona: my father was a construction worker.
6 how are you doing today	doing good man , just tuning up my guitar . i have a gig tonight .
7 what do you do for a living	i am a janitor , but i also play music at night . you ?
8 that sounds really cool .	it is , i am like bob dylan . lol someday i guess .
9 is that the person you look up to	one of them , i play instruments like him and folk songs too .
10 is that the person you look up to	yes , he is the best . do you think so ?
11 i like him a bit	what else do you like to do ?
12 go to the coffee shop	i play my folk songs at a coffee shop sometimes . it is nice .
13 do you go get coffee often	every morning before i go to my janitor job . it is hard .
1 partner's persona: i enjoy long walks with my dog.
2 partner's persona: i am a professional tennis player.
3 partner's persona: i'm married to a doctor.
4 partner's persona: my family is continuously growing.
5 partner's persona: i live in a three storey house.
6 hi how are you ?	i am doing great on this crisp fall night
7 do you like sports ? i love tennis and play it for a living .	sports are ok but i love cooking shows and cooking
8 my husband is a doctor so i cook meals and freeze them to have on hand .	that is a great idea i am single so i only make enough for one
9 well enjoy being single , we are growing our family so free time is short .	but it is tough cause i'm vegan and my friends aren't
10 bummer , i take my dog for long walks to de stress , how about you ?	i like to go skydiving or ride a rollercoaster
11 when its raining or too cold we walk the stairs in our home , three stories !	wow first floor apt for me so no stairs
12 with a big family we need the room , plus the dog .	how many children do u have
13 three and one on the way . the dog is like a child too .	i love dogs want a husky but cant have one yet
